UPDATE 12/6/2013: The very latest Vic Firth phones have a MUCH-improved headband and less-bulky earcups. While I now prefer the latest Direct Sound EX-29s (a vast improvement over my original DS cans, mentioned below), the Firth's are still VERY good and, as a bonus, cost half as much. I still use both brands.Please remember to carefully monitor your SLP (volume) level with ANY isolation phones. Without background noise for reference, one can easily play them too loudly which, in turn, can lead to hearing loss over time.UPDATE 4/23/2010: I now own three pairs of Vic Firth isolation headphones and I'm happy to report the original pair is still going strong. Meanwhile, my office setup now consists of two ART Tube MP units...carefully adjusted to add little/no volume to the signal path (unity gain)...as a vacuum tube buffer stage between a Behringer U-Control UCA-202 DAC and a small Behringer Eurorack UB-502 mixer to provide silky-smooth state-of-the-art amplification for the Vic Firth isolation headphones. The resulting sound is absolutely top-drawer and completely belies the incredibly low price....about $150 total...I paid for the entire system. Affordable technology in the service of great art!UPDATE 2/3/2009: These bullet proof headphones have definitely stood the test of time. I now own two pairs of Vic Firth headphones. The newest pair live in my gym bag. Both pairs have survived abuse that would make lesser instruments crumble (e.g. getting tangled in the crank of a spin trainer or knocked onto a cement floor by my cat).BONUS TIP: Because these are full-sized headphones with large ear cups, I frequently use them in conjunction with the new Hearos High Fidelity "full audio spectrum" ear plugs (&lt;$15). The combo works in much the same the way Dolby noise reduction does. I play my MP3 player (or other signal source) 12 decibels louder and the ear plugs then attenuate 12 decibels...leaving me with the same music and way less background noise. This stuff may not fit your head/ears as well as it fits mine, but you might try it if you're so inclined.ORIGINAL REVIEW: How does an ADHD adult maintain focus in a busy, high-tech work environment? Soothing music is part of the fix. Active noise canceling headphones? I've tried and replaced several...but they either sound badly, are prone to electrical/mechanical problems, or both. What to do? Vic Firth and Direct Sound have effective and durable answers. Isolation headphones. I own and use them both. The Direct Sound phones block a bit more noise...the Vic Firth are more comfortable for extended wearing. Both have excellent sound quality. Enjoy!