The reviewer who wrote that that these are "cheap foam" worth $5.00, doesn't understand or appreciate the quality of these speaker isolators. A/B these with some $5.00 cheap foam and you will realize how good these Auralex isolators work. I am using a pair of Behringer Truth active speakers that weigh 33 pounds each. These isolators not only support them very well but solved a big problem I had. It seems my speakers were "audio coupling" with the console they were placed on making the console vibrate with the spaekers and muddy up the lower fequencies.My problem started when I noticed that my mixes sounded good on other systems except for the bass frequencies around 80-125 HZ. Apparently my Behringer speakers were not accurately reproducing that fequency range and I was EQing that range badly to compensate. I didn't hear it when I mixed my Hafler M-1 speakers. I was about to give up on the Behringer Truth speakers but I really thought that they sounded excellent on every other frequency and are very detailed in every other range. The Behringers also had all the power I needed (active speakers) and can be played really loud in my studio without any distortion. Except for what I can only describe as a muddy or not clearly detailed low end, I love these speakers. Fortunately I was at a friends studio (a great pro studio) and I saw that he was using the Auralex Isolators under his speakers. He said he loved them. I bought them and placed them under my speakers and remixed a project I had been working on. WOW!! What a difference. It was an immediate difference. The bass is now nicely detailed and that muddy tone is no longer there. I had to reajust the EQ on the lower frequencies (cut them back to almost flat)on the new mix. I immediately bought a 2nd set for my small Hafler speakers. Why take a chance that they were also not reproducing accurately. These isolators are a great product and problem solver that saved me from buying new speakers and discovering that I still had the same problem. "Cheap foam"?? I don't think so.