The tension screw adjustment remains the best of any capo I've ever used - and I've tried many over the years. But what was Ned smoking when he decided to have the trigger handle and main support stem, including the pick clip and tuner holder, protude outward away from the fingerboard? It's awkward to apply and remove quickly. It's visually distracting for player and audience, and it doesn't add any mechanical benefit to the already excellent tension adjustment.The only possible justification I can come up with is having less to obstruct the fretting hand behind the neck -  but even that doesn't fly. Regardless of capo tension you should position it as close to the fret as practical and, unless you're avoiding playing that first fret (or use a low-thumb classical fret hand position) you're always going to feel some part of the capo against the leading edge of your hand. I own the older Planet Waves tri-action capo and never felt that to be a problem.Otherwise the construction of the NS Artist Capo is superb. The surface is arched, probably between a 10-12 radius that works fine on various Strat fingerboards as well as a flatter SG/LP style. It doesn't work as well on the very flat 16 radius of my Martin OM-1 which is virtually the same as a classical. If I cranked the tension it's possible the rubber would flatten out but I wouldn't risk marring the neck wood.I tried both the pick and tuner clips and they're functional, but to be honest I wouldn't use either - too distracting and I only use tuners to get an initial A, then tune each guitar to itself or to other instruments, depending on what they are.The only other capo I've ever used that protudes outward is the Kyser with its notorious 'wrought iron fence' design. I have one and, as good as the holding action is, I've never felt comfortable with the design. The older Planet Waves capo is still available so it comes down to preference.To top off the confusion, the picture on the front of the cardboard card the NS Artist comes mounted on shows a similar capo positioned in a way that's impossible with this capo!