This is a nice little tuner. It is small, easy to read and use. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. It has a green LED and large mark for being on target. It has a built-in mic for acoustic instruments, and a mono 1/4 inch phone jack for electric instruments. It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. If you have any vision problems, the display might be an issue. The LCD is about 1 1/2 inches long and 3/4 of an inch high, and, like all non-backlit LCD displays, has a narrow viewing angle and reflection issues.I wanted this for tuning didgeridus that I was making, and it works adequately for that. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. As it is, it gives you the note and cents sharp or flat, but does not give an octave number or frequency of the sound. So, you know you are tuned to a C, you just don't know exactly which C it is. Probably not much of an issue if you are tuning a regular instrument, but in some cases would be very handy to know. I suppose with more training and experience, I could learn to tell that by ear. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. Other than that, it seems to work well. It is consistent, easy to use, and compact. I consider it about average in value - it does the basics well but is missing what I consider an important function in such a device. I may be expecting too much for the price, as I have not done an exhaustive study of tuners and their specs. Having the octave feature would make it 4 stars for me instead of three.In any case, if you don't need to know the actual octave or frequency but just the accuracy of the notes you are tuning, this works quite well, and is not very expensive.