In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. Now, I'm definitely not one of those who automatically dismiss the quality of Chinese made products. I have, in fact, many musical items of surprisingly good quality made there. This item however has some of the good, AND some of the more stereotypical problems of Chinese goods. Pros: Cheap. Sturdy. And unlike some reviewers, I love the taller height. Far far better for you ergonomically not having to stoop and scrunch your neck and windpipe. I also like the tighter springs, though that does take a little getting used to. But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. Now, the Cons: It's true what others have said: the plastic neck tube smells. Not as bad as some have said, but an annoying chemical smell is definitely noticeable. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2" diameter). 2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. Mine was distinctly taller on one side than the other, and the neck loop was WAY off. I did my best to bend all parts to even, but the flat metal part is tough to shape. The reason I didn't return it is that I figure most of them are equally uneven: I just picture a bunch of poor souls slaving away bending these suckers by hand, with little or no machine help to ensure consistency. With the work I did on it myself, it works fine and is now fairly even, and like I said, the taller height is just about right for me. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). All this said, the bottom line is that I prefer using this OVER my German made Hohner holder because it's better ergonomically (taller), holds my harp more securely, and the traditional dual butterfly nut design just works far better and with less effort than the "nouveau" single butterfly nut design of my more expensive German Hohner. Knowing what I know of its drawbacks, I'm still tempted to pick up another as a back-up or spare. It's a great deal if you're willing to do a little work on it.