Other reviews give an adequate overview of the kit and its potential so I'll just mention particular details: The kick pedal spring tension was set too tight, making the pedal hard to control and very frustrating to a beginner. Fortunately the thumbscrew and nut adjustment is easy and made a tremendous improvement in feel and control.The documentation is poor and, inexcusably, there's nothing better available online from Alesis: The steps in the graphical setup page are less than ideal for a single person assembly. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. Experienced drummers will know what they want but I would have appreciated a suggested basic setup showing common variations.The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. You'll just have to hear them and jot down your own notes.There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. I've noticed no such problem and, as of this date, Alesis has no such update on their site, which leads me to suspect their former patch may have been bad and/or they've updated units currently being sold.Speaking of the snare, the second outer zone for rimshots is nice but I can only get it to trigger while sticking from the outside. The technique of laying the stick flat across the head and lifting one end doesn't seem to trigger the rimshot (or perhaps I just haven't worked out the touch yet).I'm interested in a natural sound, probably close to a classic jazz kit, and a couple of the presets work for me. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. Still, most of the time I just want to sit down and play and don't want to bother firing up the PC and loading software so it's nice to have two workable options. The headphone volume could be louder but running it into powered speakers and taking a headphone out from them solves that issue.Keeping the pads clean is easy with two soft lint-free cloths. Dampen one with a little warm water (wring it out well) and use a light circular motion to remove dust and dirt, then wipe gently with the dry cloth to take up any residue.This is my first experience with an electronic kit and, as others have mentioned, the sensation really is fundamentally different from an acoustic instrument, particularly when striking the cymbal pads. It takes awhile to mentally balance the soft thud or click (depending on which surface you strike) from outside the headphones with the sampled drum sound within. I wasn't sure I liked it for the first couple of weeks (meaning I probably didn't) but I've gotten used to it and have gradually begun to relate to the DM6 on its own terms, not as an imitation of an acoustic drum kit, but as something else with its own special characteristics.