I am a professional musician, keyboard player, and keyboard collector (mostly vintage poly analog, but also a ton of mono phonics, modulars, and built your own kit units (shrugging, ambik-) etc - not that that has a lot to do with a pedal, however, I do live the life of a person surrounded by keyboard instruments that I use to make my living.  have purchased every brand and style of pedal (for the purpose of this, we'll stick with sustain.).Compared to other units, it is heavier than most and I find the point where sustain engages to be just about right comparing electronic to acoustic.  It is just an on/off switch, so no half modeling here,The only reason I gave this unit 4 stars instead of 5 is because Yamaha decided not to include a polarity switch and alienate perhaps 20% of the market who will get home and , if they hadn't thought to check, may be stuck wi a pedal that sustains when not being used and stops sustaining when pressed.  A backward sustain pedal is not fun.  Many manufacturers include a simple polarity reverse  switch that would eliminate that potential headache.These days, most keyboards have the option to switch polarity internally either thru a global bemusement or by sensing whether the pedal is engaged at startup and adjusting accordingly (never press the sustain pedal while turning your keyboard on, you may very well cause an issue you don't expect and are confused by - turning on and off again without the pedal depressed will clear everything up in those cases.)So - build quality, excellent.  Durability - excellent (I've had a bunch of cheaper pedals - used on stage - break  at the switch point or at the jack), this Yamaha endures.  Design - some older pedals used to have a flip out rubber footrest that was supposed to make the pedal more secure- I don't see that much anymore, but, so long as you aren't on glossy hardwood, this will stay I place with no issue.I've read a few reviews that give this pedal a bad rating because of what appears to be a change in a global setting on a keyboard, or something similar,  All a sustain pedal consist of is a momentary contact switch, engaged when contact is made by depressing and completing the circuit, and disengaged when the pedal is released.  There are no electronics - so - if it doesn't work, there are three points to look at 1) unscrew the jack and be sure that the wires coming from the pedal are all  connected to the metal posts inside the housing. There are usually two wires of differing color.  if one is disconnected, the pedal will cease to function (and, in rare instances, cause the keyboard to sustain all notes indefinitely.  This is easily corrected with a soldering iron and a bit if solder - jacks are points of strain so it isn't inconceivable that a wire could come disconnected. 2) The switch itself it either out if adjustment or is damaged.  The switches in the Yamaha pedals are of good quality and unless you received a faulty part, would be unlikely to wear out with normal use. I have, however, needed to take the pedal apart and made an adjustment.  this was easy and a quick fix, even with limited tools.  The third option is 3) the keyboard has had a change in a global setting causing the pedal t operate in reverse.  This can be corrected by consulting your owners manual and reading whether your keyboard has a software polarity &#34;switch&#34;, if it senses on startup, or if you pedal simply stopped working altogether - doing nothing At all - it is #1 or 2 or a problem with the jack on the keyboard (HIGHLY unlikely,,but I've seen it happen.). Hopefully this helps some who have posted questions.To conclude - a nice pedal for the money, much better build than the m-audio (decent, just not as nice as the Yamaha - certainly not a bad unit)/on stage (if they can't get most of their mic stands right, I don't trust them with even basic electronics...) or generics.