[Later: The mic is indeed the Behringer C-1, but Amazon has provided it with the description belonging to the C-1U.  Unlike Amazon's description, this is not a mic that comes with USB plug, phantom power, and computer connectivity. And, of course, none of the advertised "included" computer software programs is included.  It's a conventional studio mic that requires connection to a regular amp / P.A. with an XLR jack and phantom power. It will NOT connect to the USB port of a computer without an expensive adapter and a preamp with phantom power.  Moreover, Amazon's form thus far is denying a refund and offering only replacement--presumably for another mic just like this one! If you want the described mic, Amazon is showing it from a different vendor--at about 30 more plus S&H.;]The Behringer C-1 mic is the best condenser mic I've used for the money, its large diaphragm capable of reproducing some of the rich and deep sonorities of the costly, high-end mics at the radio station (NPR) where I occasionally work.  However, Behringer makes a distinction between the C-1 and the C-1U.  The description on Amazon fits the C-1U, not the C-1.  So one way or another, 50% of the purchasers of this product are likely to be surprised and disappointed.Indeed, the C-1U is a phantom-powered mic that doesn't require phantom power, which it derives from the USB port of a computer.  Moreover, the mic not only saves its owner the bother of a pre-amp with phantom power but it also makes unnecessary a costly (and time-consuming) XLR to USB adapter.  It's ready to go--just plug it into your laptop and start recording.  (I use Sound Studio, but the included free software--Audacity--works practically as well.)On the other hand, if the mic is a C-1 as advertised, be prepared to receive a conventional condenser mic, with an XLR connector and a phantom power requirement (found on numerous recording devices and P.A. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A.R.T.).Having just returned a keyboard--the M-Audio Pro88sx--for which Amazon mistakenly provided the wrong description (for the M-Audio Pro88, not the Pro88sx), I'd be hesitant to place any bets on which mic the buyer will receive--the C-1 as advertised, or the C-1U as described.  At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return.  And if the mistake is due to Amazon's description, returns are generally postage-free.