I'm frankly sick and tired of showing up for a gig and having my keyboard run through the P.A., thereby in essence causing me to forfeit all control of the instrument to the bandleader (or board op). Still, I've had to concede that the amps I've been using--a Roland KC150, then a KC350--had plenty of power and pop but no sonic attributes that would recommend them above the Bose P.A. set-up the band uses.  Then, because I needed a small amp with an XLR connection for use as an emergency P.A., I picked up this relatively new item from Roland, which prominently describes itself as a "monitor" amp (i.e. meant only for the performer's ears).Was I surprised when I got this thing home and put it through some rounds with a Kurzweil PC2 and SP2.  It's little more than a compact brick, but it appears to have the power of my KC150 and, more importantly, in terms of "listenability" it sounds like its several heavens apart from the KC 150 or 350 (those ever-present Roland KC amps will make any piano, including Rolands, sound uninspiring if not boring during the course of a four-hour gig).  This latest contender covers the entire piano range, effortlessly, smoothly, providing rich yet responsive bass where its needed and brilliant but not strident highs.  Perhaps some would judge the sound a trifle "colored."  If so, I'll take the coloration any day to the untempered sounds I've been getting from electric keyboards.  The mid-range is tight and controlled, with the upper register "growing out" of it gradually but unmistakably.  By contrast, the upper register on the heavy-duty KC amps strikes like a serpent, leaping out of the mix like home-brewed white lightning  hitting the palate after it's just gotten accustomed to a vintage Bordeaux.I even compared this little thing to my previous standard--the Roland Cube 60 that had preceded the KC150 (which has been around too long).  This new one was smoother, bending to the bass notes like a gracious willow and springing to the top ones like fresh spring birch.  In other words, even the Roland Cube sounded uneven and rough compared to this latest overachiever, which handled the tones of the scale like a single portamento, revealing no holes in any of the registers.Playing any instrument or amplifier on the job can lead to a judgment radically different from the one made at home.  If my instruments (I'm usually playing 2-3) have to be mixed through the P.A., fine.  I won't have to listen to them.  They'll be processed by this monitor, which will be facing and playing for me before it kicks out the stuff that the bandleader deems worthy of the public's ears.