Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead.