A year ago, I wrote a lengthy comparison of theEdirol R-09 WAVE/MP3 Recorder, Blackand theZoom H4 Handy Recorder + 2GB Accessory Kit(pre-accessory kit).  I wanted a high quality, easy to use recorder, so even though the H4 had all of the features of the Edirol and sold for considerably less, I kept the Edirol because it was so much easier to use.Zoom has responded with the H2, a scaled down version of the H4 with all of the features of the R-09 and all of the controls right where you need them.  The H2 even has additional features over the R-09, but they don't get in the way.  For example, there's a choice of a 90 degree recording pattern, a 120 degree recording pattern, and even a surround sound option. Samsontech has some nice video demonstrations on its website.One big complaint I've had with the Edirol is the cost of its add-on stand.  Unlike the Edirol, the H2 comes with a simple stand.  In addition, the H2 has a threaded hole so that it can be mounted on a standard digital camera tripod!  On a separate note, it's much easier to replace batteries with the H2 than the Edirol.Recently, I got together with friends and recorded the same live acoustic music on both the Edirol R-09 and the Zoom H2.  I used Adobe Audition only to normalize both tracks (that is, equalize their loudness).  The first time we played them back, I thought I detected a VERY slight preference for the Edirol, with the overall opinion of the group split between the two units.  The second time we played them back, my preference was for the H2, with overall opinion continuing to be split.  We all agreed that the differences were so small as to be negligible if there were any at all.I do prefer the Edirol's control buttons to the H2's membrane and I'm not about to sell the Edirol, perhaps because I am more familiar with the Edirol and don't want to give it up just yet. Also, the Edirol R-09 is the darling of the moment.  However, if I owned neither, I couldn't justify the huge bump in price of the Edirol over the H2 and would opt for the H2. When I went to a music party last weekend and knew I'd need only one recorder, I grabbed the H2.