Tascam had the first inexpensive multitrack recorder on the market, and even as competitors entered the market they've managed to stay on top. I've owned or borrowed models from Fostex and Korg going back several decades but Tascam always seems to be out in front when it comes to ease of use and value. Even as the market evolved from cassette to digital, Tascam recorders have kept the same feel and ease of use. I had a Boss Micro BR-80 for a while, but I found the all-menu interface annoying and difficult to use. I kept forgetting the sequences to set up rhythm tracks, record, and mix down, and ended up having to repeat things over and over. I soon sold it, and then replaced it with a Tascam DP-004 when that appeared on the market. The Tascam wasn't really any more powerful than the Boss, and lacked the built in rhythm tracks, but it had fewer menus and more actual switches and knobs that made it more intuitive in use, and more like an actual mixing board or traditional cassette-based recorder.After the DP-004 Tascam produced a follow-on six track unit and this recorder, the 8-track DP-008. When it was first introduced a couple of years ago it really was a revolutionary unit. There were plenty of 8-track recorders out there, but none that were that small and that inexpensive. It's also more than just a DP-008 with more tracks. The DP-008 has a much improved mastering ability that allows you to adjust EQ, compression, and effects individually on tracks for the mix down, while leaving the original tracks unaffected. Like the DP-004, it has built in microphones and can also be used for direct stereo recording. Unlike the DP-004, it comes with an external power supply in the box (a $24 option with the original 004) and can use an external battery pack.I've been playing with my 008 all weekend, doing a mixture of stereo and multitrack recordings. One thing I noticed right off was that there's a significant amount of noise in the monitor mix while multitracking. I was afraid this would translate into noisy recordings, but the noise isn't there in the finished playback. I also noticed that while the basic recording functions are more or less unchanged from those on the 004, the new mixdown functions are much more complex and required constant reference to the manual. As mentioned previously, there's an awful lot of capability there and it's going to take some time to be able to use it effectively. Most of that functionality is menu-based, rather than being accessibly directly from the front panel, and I have to say that's one thing I don't really care for. The only input device you have to select functions and parameters and menus is a scroll wheel that's not nearly as comfortable as a knob or a mouse or touchpad.Most of my recording lately has been done with various Apple platforms. At home, I use Garage Band on my iMac and a USB-equipped Alesis console for input. Away from home I use Garage Band on my iPad and (for ultimate portability) iPod Touch. All of these platforms are much more intuitive to use than the DP-008 and much more powerful. Of course, they're also a lot more expensive, and lack the built-in stereo microphones and ability to plug instruments and microphones directly in without some sort of additional interface. Having XLR connectors as well as 1/4" inputs is a really nice touch, something you never saw on portables from a few years ago. I like the old-school approach of the DP-008 as well as the all-in-one package approach.If I was just starting out in home multitrack recording and didn't have a lot to spend, I think the DP-008 might be a good choice. It's really good enough to produce music for a band's first CD releases, and costs less than a decent microphone. WIth 8 full tracks there's no need to do track bouncing to get four instruments and four voices down, and if you really need to, you can bounce and add a further six tracks, giving you 14 in all. I don't think it's going to replace my iPod for pocket portability or my iPad for functionality (Garage Band gives me a full orchestra, keyboards and drums as well) but having the microphones and instrument preamps built in does make it much easier to set up and use for live recording. It should get a lot of use at my home and elsewhere in the coming year.