I agree with other reviews that Boss exploits its customers by insisting the $300 pedal have the PSA supply, but sells it separately.  It's a cheesy way to meet a price point without really doing it.  I used a OneSpot power supply I had already, and it works fine.  Just glad I didn't have to shell out $20 more to Boss for something they should have provided with the ME70.The first thing I noticed is that the tuner is not too good.  You get a letter, with an arrow on each side, and it's not very responsive.The Korg-style dial-in reverb controls are easy, but extremely limited.  Expected better.  You get either room or hall.  Neither are that realistic.Going from manual patch-level to bank-level is awkward.  It may just take practice.Next thing I noticed is the delay level does not respond as expected.  If I set the E. level (delayed signal level, or balance) at around thirty, it can be clearly heard.  When overdrive or boost is added the primary signal is boosted as expected, but the delayed signal remains at the original volume, effectively reducing the balance and making the delayed signal nearly inaudible.Did Boss just start making multi-effects pedals?  Have they learned nothing?Despite somewhat mediocre performance and design, the ME70 does have features that recommend it.  Some of the drives are usable.  The controls are accessible and easy to adjust.  The "Solo" setting on the Comp/FX module is a nice booster, although it can apparently be overdriven easily by the boost in the OD/DS module - maybe this is by design but it would be nice to have two levels of clean boost.The next annoyance is the very limited capabilities of the optional footswitches.  I was hoping to be able to flip between the preset and manual setting, but all it does is turn the preamp on and off, or step (one way) through the presents (FS-5U).It almost appears that Boss very cynically crippled the ME70 so it did not threaten GT10 sales.I'm looking forward to learning more about this pedal.  So far, it does some good things, but it could be much better.Has anyone else noticed the ME70 reviews out there aren't too useful?  I'm thinking of checking out the Vox Tonelab EX, which is being blown out now.  $225 at GC, for example.--3/16/12 update:  Despite the limitations above, I like the portability of this unit.  It runs on 6 AA's (I think) which is great when you just want to put it on the floor and play, for example at a jam where you don't have power nearby.New Fail update - the Tremolo in this unit just stinks.  I mean stinks.  Whatever the "waveform" is, it's not a sine wave, not smooth at all.  Very poor musical characterists.  Whatever engineer was in charge of this - you screwed up big time.  Your own Boss tremolo pedals are much better than what you've put in the ME70.  Why would you do that, Boss?  I like tremolo but it's virtually useless in this unit.  Some people won't notice, but if you like that swampy Fender style tremolo, you will be very disappointed.