ConstructionThis Amp certainly looks sharp. It is not nearly as heavy as I would expect a 100W amp to be, but seems well put together.ControlsThe III comes with a 2 button Foot Pedal which feels very solid and works perfectly. (You can expand to add an optional 4 button switch that Fender sells separately and also includes in the IV and V.)On the amp, you have separate EQ knobs (Treble, Mids and Low) you have a gain, a volume, a Master Volume and a Reverb. Along with these, you also have an LCD screen that tells you which amp model you are using with witch pedals, presets, delays and reverbs. You also have separate buttons for changing Amp models, reverb, delays and modulation effects. The large knob on the top actually scrolls through presets, and once you press it, you can go into deep editing of the amp models, effects and presets.The controls are intuitive and easy to use. It is a great mix of visual digital feedback as well as tactile knobs.Comparing to other amps:The Fender GDEC 3 does not have as much deep editing available on the amp itself. You need to use your computer to edit and download settings properly. But on the Mustang III, you do not feel that you are missing out on editing functionality by not keeping it plugged into a computer.I don't know of another amp that has controls that are both as intuitive and as powerful.The Sound (Most important)Let me first compare this amp to what Line 6, Vox, and Peavy have offered in the past. All of the companies that have gone heavy into the amp modeling offer endless numbers of sounds and effects... BUT... How many of those sounds are useful for guitarists who are learning and trying to create sounds based on music that has inspired them? Line 6 offers tons of sounds... most of them are what I would call "niche" sounds that are only useful when recording a weird intro, or some crazy effects laden sound. What I find with Line 6 is that their vintage tones are very digital sounding and sound over processed. They don't sound overdriven, they just sound distorted. Also, Line 6 offers oodles of sounds for progressive rock, metal, and maybe even some weird jazz fusion. These sounds are unique and interesting, but the vast majority are of no use to someone like me who is learning to play the songs that I love and looking for useful rock, blues, and metal tones.What I can say about the Mustang III is that the tones do not sound digital or overly processed. The Vintage amps have some great overdriven types of sounds. These are very passable sounds and fantastic models of the Real Thing. You can find the actual base amp models in memory banks 88-99. By playing these sounds you get a real feel of what you can do to the amps. A few of the sounds that are simply amazing to me are:'57 Champ This amp model sounds so convincingly cool just like a little 8 inch Champ. Tons of character and tone. You can get some really cool vintage type blues sounds through this amp model. Think the Jimi Blues cd. The presets that use this amp that Fender created are all really fun and sound amazing.Fender Bassman Wow! You can get some great bold rock sounds out of this amp model. It has the recognizable tone of the Bassman modeled really well. Big Bold bottom end with some singing highs.'65 Deluxe is a fantastic all purpose amp model. Throw an overdrive pedal on there and play some great classic rock/blues. Or leave it alone for a beautiful clean tone.The British Amps are all good models of Vox and Marshall type amps. They are all bold and in your face. Just play one ACDC riff into the 70's amp and you'll recognize the sound.As far as the Vintage tones go...I dare you to find anything that models vintage tones this well anywhere. If you play rock, blues, Country, hard rock or Jazz, you have so many great choices. People who play in churches will love the variety of clean tones for your lighter stuff and good overdriven rock tones for faster paced songs.What surprises me is that Fender has strongly marketed this amp for people who play heavy music. I was worried that the heavier amp models would not be nearly as good.I was wrong. The 90's stack can get nice and grungy or crunchy as you like it. I'm pretty sure that this is a Mesa Boogie type of model. This is certainly your Metallica amp.The 2000 metal is for all of your nu metal needs and can be pulled back a little to play some cool thrash sounds too.The BIG bonus for heavy guitarists in my opinion though is the SuperSonic. This amp has a lot of great character and you can make it bluesy or really make it heavy and bold to play metal, thrash or whatever. If you overdrive it with a built in pedal, you can get some great raw and heavy tones out of this. I play some metal and hard rock as well as the classic and blues stuff that I like. I personally will play all of my heavy stuff on this SuperSonic amp.The fact that you can take any of these basic amps and layer effects and pedals on them gives you absolutely infinite combinations of tones. You can have one guy who sets all 100 presets with vintage tones, and another guy who has all of the presets filled with metal and thrash. It is limitless.I would, without a doubt choose this amp over ANY modeling amp out there for practice and fun.I own a pimped out MIM Strat, and a off-the-rack Classic Vibe Strat and Tele as well as a Les Paul style guitar. They ALL sound very cool on this amp. The Classic Vibe 60's Strat really impresses me through this amp. So versatile with so many great sounds and such a high quality sound. I am really loving it!This amp can play really really loud with it's 100 Watts, but you can also play it with great tone at very low volumes. (I have 4 kids and practice at night, and this amp is perfect.)Fender Fuse and Ableton SoftwareI have to admit that I really don't feel a lot of need to dive too much deeper into sound editing than what I can do manually on the amp. However, You'll find amazing tones all over the Fender Fuse. The system is super easy to use and store on your amp. As with any open online forum, you will have to wade through tones that you don't love and aren't described well. But you will find some gems too.I have not had time to dive into the ableton recording software yet, so I will have to save that review for later.The FINAL WORDI am a Father of 4 who needs an amp that sounds great at low volumes. I like Vintage tones as much as Heavy stuff, so I like a variety of tones. I hate overprocessed guitar tones. This amp is perfect for me. Perfect. The amp models are great, and the factory installed presets are a great variety of usable sounds. It comes with a built in tuner, tap tempo effects, a two button footswitch, an effects loop, a digital interface, deep editing computer software, a headphone jack, a usb port, recording software, and moreAt $299 This amp costs less than effects pedals that friends of mine have purchased. I have a $300 strat that I love that sounds beautiful through it. After buying it, I have listed a Tube amp and several effects pedals that I have loved because I no longer will play it.There is no better modeling amp for my needs!