I rated it at 5 stars because 5 stars means &#34;I Love it&#34; in Amazon's selection of things .  I do love it.  In fact I think it is better than my Sans Amp Bass DI which costs more.  Don't get me wrong, the Sans Amp is still great.  I just find this easier to dial in, it is durable and seems a bit more lively sounding than the previously mentioned preamp.  The only down side is that it doesn't come with an AC power adapter.  That isn't a problem for me since I have many power options on my pedal boards.  This takes the standard negative polarity center like Boss pedals.If you have been playing bass for a while, you know that no matter how good your bass rig is, you can make it better by putting a decent tone shaping booster in front of your amp...that being said............I am in my 50s and I play mostly guitar hero music like Robin Trower, SRV, Hendrix, Yes, Rush, and lots of blues and southern rock etc etc............. the fun old rock n roll stuff.Like the Sans Amp, putting this in front of any bass amp only makes the bass sound better. You can easily get the live Chris Squier or Geddy Lee sound. The older style full deep bass bluesy rock sound is simple.  The tone that I love to dial in is that old 3 piece rock band sound from years past. Think of Mel from Grand Funk Railroad or old James Gang in the Joe Walsh Days, Johnny winter, and the Cream........ that over driven cranked Ampeg or Fender tube bass amp sound that filled in exceptionally well in a 3 piece power band.I am running this into an Ampeg Bass combo and I have run it directly to the front of house sound system and the sound is fabulous.  Playing bass is a side gig for me since I am mainly a lead guitarist........  I let my bassist try it (he also uses a Sans Amp Bass DI at our gigs) and he immediately went online and purchased one.He is another cool use for this pedal.  If you are a guitarist, put it in front of your guitar amp.  The punch and power that you add to your sound is incredible.  Try it.