I acquired this recently, I did not need another strat style, or copy of, but it's white....just gotta love that vibe? Anyhow lots of reviews justifiably good, here's a few add ons in case... It's routed hsh under the hood but looks tight.. Think it's bucker size upgradable; top and bottom didn't measure, I like single coils...the white is a poly finish (love poly durable and crack/fade resist) and exquisite nicely done, alder body but it's hefty alder, like 8lb or so. Not so keen on headstock shape but the neck is nice, too nice to change like I was thinking till I got it... Nice quality control on these, really smooth rosewood board with med-jumbo (that's what I call anyway) frets good fretting. Standard hardware indicative of price but decent and well installed, no missed screw holes etc. Was set up with standard action etc, out of box was clean set up no buzz or uneven saddle stuff etc. great fit and finish, best I can tell its a standard f type plate, if interested looks to be easy changer.Overall it's a solid piece, assembled well, for me the body and neck is what seals the deal, better then most out there this range... It is alder and hefty, but durable. I look to change most hardware in time so won't comment on that, what's there... is installed well...2 things I forgot tuners wanna say 15:1? 10mm standard import style... Seem good, not legendary and tremelo/whammy standard zinc block (there's the must upgrade part...) it's standard 10.5 string space import, I got one pet peave; it's steel or brass blocks... A shame all these guitars nowadays with the zinc thin low sustain blocks, my advice get a fender mim standard lefty trem, the whole thing with steel saddles and all maybe 50$ best money ever spent... I can't afford the gotoh or Callahan stuff, On this a standard mim import space fender with steel block and saddles is easy direct replacement and with the hefty alder you'll get tons of sustain and tone and keep tuned way better. Also the neck I say nice but I mean it's nicer than most in the shape, it's slightly chunky c shape? Not baseball bat chunky but you feel it on frets 1-3 it's beefier? I have avg. size hands, I find it's a good fit.In all... If your looking in this price range it's nice, and upgradable as you can or learn more.