To start, as the full name of this pedal would indicate, this pedal is for tube amps. I can't comment on how it'll sound for a hybrid, and my experience is that it's definitely not for solid state. Distortion pedals go much better with solid state. Further, tube screamers aren't meant to take your tube amp from clean to high gain; again, that's what a distortion pedal will do. Tube screamers in general are designed to drive your tubes a little harder,and are most commonly used as a solo boost. Tube screamers are in the category of "overdrive" pedals, and like the name would indicate, they're meant add a little extra "over" an already "driven" amp, but in a more natural, smooth, organic way then a distortion pedal would.HOWEVER, the Ibanez TS-9dx does more than your typical tube screamer. The extra knob that switches between ts9, +, hot, and turbo mode adds a whole lot of tone and use options. Let me expound:I play hard rock and metal through a Bugera 1990 head (basically a Marshall JCM 900)and cab with celestion vintage 30 speakers. While that amp does have a fair amount of gain and bass on tap, it's not quite enough to accurately get more modern tones unaided. A standard Ibanez TS-9 or some other knock-off tube screamer will not be able to get an amp like mine into more modern, heavier tones, because standard tube screamers also slightly cut bass and add some mids, again, to help solos cut through the mix. But the extra knob on the ibanez ts9dx solves this problem. By switching to +, hot, or turbo mode, the pedal adds bass and a little extra gain incrementally. I like the "+" setting the best. So the way I use this pedal is that I'll set my amp for my standard crunchy rhythm tone with the gain on the amp already fairly high. Then, for the songs that utilize a little heavier sound, I'll kick on my ts9dx, with the drive pretty low (9 o'clock), volume at 12 o'clock, tone about 1 o'clock, and + mode. With these settings it increases the bass and general thickness of my tone, and adds a little gain and volume. So it's basically like adding another channel to my amp.I will add one detail that might make or break this pedal for you: tubescreamers in general, and certainly this Ibanez ts-9dx, add mid-range to your tone automatically. And you can't dial it out. The regular ts-9 mode adds some low mids, and a little more high mids. The other modes add more low mids in particular, which in part contribute to the overall "thickness" to the tone, which can be great. But if you're after a scooped mid sound, say for metal, then I would only recommend this pedal as a solo boost, where the mids will help cut through the mix.In conclusion, it's probably safe to say that most people who buy tubescreamers are probably playing blues of some sort and are just looking to boost their volume and maybe add a little dirt. And yes, this pedal will do that. So will the BBE greenscreamer, behringer tube overdrive,mxr distortion plus, Boss SD-1, digitech bad monkey, or several other ibanez tube screamer pedal variations. But by adding the turbo-mode options, the Ibanez TS-9dx will work for the hard rock and metal players (depending on the exact style) in a way that these plethora of other options won't.