I bought eleven of these in order to hang a bunch of my guitars and I found them to be extremely simple and quick to install.  The included anchors work perfectly and went in without issue, leaving the String Swing solidly connected to the wall.If you are hanging a lot of guitars, making two rows (one high and one low) seems to be the best option.  I spaced the hangers eighteen inches apart and the guitars I put up look nice and have a good, tight spacing.  I uploaded two pictures of my wall after I had installed nine of the hangers and I couldn't be more pleased with the look... the pictures are uploaded on this product page.  I have put up the other two hangers since I uploaded the pictures, so I will have to do new pictures, but the ones that I put up will give you a good representation of the look you will get with these.The easiest way to hang a lot of these is to use a laser level such as theBlack & Decker BDL100AV All-In-One SureGrip Laser Leveland a long cloth tape measure that you can tack to the wall.  I just went down the wall making dots directly on the line, drilled quick pilot holes and nine of the string swings were installed in about 20 - 30 minutes.  I think that this is the quickest and easiest way to get a professional-looking installation.As far as the performance of the hangers goes, what is there to say?  The included anchors are big enough to keep the wooden backplate securely fastened to the wall and the hanger screws into a metal receptacle in the middle of it.  As long as you make sure that you tighten the hanger properly, you will be in good shape.I DO NOT, however, recommend buying theString Swing Home and Studio Wall Bumper Brown, as they are complete garbage and fall off the wall almost immediately.EDIT: I put the other hangers up now and did NOT drill pilot holes.  The anchors are made in such a way as to be nailed into the wall without using a pilot hole.  Just mark the positions, use a hammer to nail the anchors up to the screw portion, then screw them in.  It took about 1 minute to put a new hanger up, but this was partially due to the fact that I was able to use a level and put it against the bottom of the other hangers to get the line.  At any rate, you do not need to drill pilot holes; just nail and go!