First, I have to say the only reason I bought this is that we have two pot belly pigs that live in our house...so this was a no-brainer to purchase just to have as a fan of pigs, and I play the guitar too.Now for the review.This little &#34;collector&#34; amp turns out to be something I will actually use rather than put on a shelf to look at with all of our other pig stuff.I was very surprised how well built it is.  It's solid as a rock with chrome handles, edge guards and a pig snout for the volume control.It looks like a mini suit case and contrary to another review, the AC adapter fits into a compartment inside so it may be stored internally.  It also operates on batteries which makes this little thing quite the gem to take with us this summer.  Now I can take the Fender or Gibson electrics rather than the acoustic.Okay, I keep getting off topic here...The sound is clear and crisp for it's size.  Sure, it's not my Fender Mustang IV, but I didn't pay 600 bucks for it either.  But then my Fender doesn't have a pig's snout!!  There are no controls on this for tone adjustments, just a volume knob.  But, most of our modern electric guitars have quite a bit of tone adjustment anyway.  I would compare the sound coming from it as above average but it's the novelty of the amp that is the real attraction, for me anyway.As for it's size, I would say it's just about the size of your average small jewelry box.  But it's much heavier, deceptively heavy but I like that.  It doesn't have that &#34;cheap&#34; feel about it.Like I said, I WILL use this occasionally, especially during summer months when we cruise in the convertible or in the conversion van.  I look forward to the comments the amp will get, I'm sure way more than my guitar playing skills as I still have a lot to learn.  But, learning should be fun and this little amp and is just another way to make it even more fun.In summary, I would highly recommend this to any pig lover who owns a guitar or to anyone who's looking for a portable amp that operates on either batteries or an AC adapter.A word to best describe it....&#34;COOL&#34;.