These drops are not just a convenience. In my opinion they are a neccessity for beginning violinists. If you are reading this wondering if you should consider buying this product to stop your tuning pegs from slipping, or to make them turn smoother and in less dramatic tuning jumps, the answer is yes. Buy this, it does work, and it works very well.Even though the instructions said to put a drop on two different places on each peg, I wanted to go light just in case, so at first I only put 1 drop on each peg. I didn't know what to expect and you can always put more on, but too much could be a bad thing. Also, each instrument is different, each peg is different. I had one very stubborn peg, while the others were just the normal level of obnoxious about slipping. You may only need 1 drop on some pegs and the reccomended 2 drops on the others. I had new strings on, which of course are going to take forever to stretch out and will need constant tuning. I did not remove the strings, I just loosened the pegs a little and pulled them out a tiny bit, one at a time, then put the first drop on the spot where the peg would make contact when put back in (on the tuning head side of the peg, the part you actually turn). I put the 2nd small drop on the dead end of the peg (not the end you turn). Be careful when applying that you don't get more than 1 small drop at a time. This stuff spreads out over time, a tiny drop goes a long way. One bottle should last you a very long time.What to expect: With one drop the effect is immediate. You will notice the pegs turn smoother and hold their position much better. After playing for awhile I decided to put a 2nd drop on each peg (as suggested by the included instruction sheet). This helped them all to stay in place even better than before. The pegs now also turn smoother and easier and I can tune much easier than before, in smaller more accurate adjustments, and the strings actually hold the tuning for much longer than before.Great product. Buy it, use it, and be happy.