I have been playing for 9 years.  Have owned many different guitars and amps, tube and solid state.  Currently own and use...Marshall JCM2000 DSL 100 w/1960b cabMarshall MG half-stackFender Super Champ X2 w/Carvin cabFender Frontman 212rLine 6 Spider III 120 Watt 2x10Kustom 35 Watt Combo 1x12Out of my solid state amps, this one sounds the best.  In fact, this amp sounds great, gets plenty loud, is affordable, and is not some junk brand you have never heard of.  Has a great clean tone with a lot of low end.  Reverb sounds great as well.  A little overdrive sounds good too unless you use too much, gets quite noisy and loses its clarity.  Remember, this amp is NOT for metal.  If high gain is what your after, then stay away.  If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  Also, unless your playing with a drumset, this amp is overkill as far as volume goes.  100 watts is not at all necessary for the bedroom guitarist. If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  All in all this amp was a good buy and I recommend it to anyone in the market for a solid state amp in this price range....But this wouldn't be a very good review without having some cons.  So here are mine.  These are by no means deal breakers but I find them quite annoying.POWER SWITCH IS ON THE BACK?-I find it annoying to have to reach around the back of the amp and feel for the power switch every time I turn it on.  It is especially annoying if you are like me and have limited space and stack your amps on top of each other.  With another amp sitting on top of my Frontman 212r, the power switch is even harder to get to.EFFECTS LOOP IS ON THE FRONT?-The last thing I want to see on or around my rig is messy wires everywhere.  When using the effects loop, one has to deal with looking at two more wires hanging down over the front of your amp when they could be hidden in the back.  Not the end of the world but I just don't understand why.  Why Fender why?FOOT-SWITCH JACK IS ON THE FRONT?-This one is not so bad, but just adds more messy wires to the picture.REVERB IS NOT FOOT-SWITCHABLE.-Foot-switch includes "Channel" and "Boost" buttons.  A third button for "Reverb" would have been AMAZING.CAB IS MADE OF SUPER CHEAP PARTICLE BOARD.-Not that I expected anything different in this price range, but the "wood" used is so soft, that you CANNOT pick it up by the back.  I could easily break a piece off with my bare hand if I wanted to, no exaggeration.  I know because when I first got this amp I went to pick it up and I immediately stopped myself because I could feel it about to break.---BOTTOM LINE---BUY if...-This is the best amp you can afford-This matches the sound your after-You need the 100 Watts to be loud enough for a drumset-You want the Fender name and sound without the huge price-tag.DONT BUY if...-You play metal/hard rock-This is your first amp-You only plan on playing at bedroom levels-You can afford a tube amp