I'll try to review the strings and not the instrument but that's kinda hard for me to do. I've been playing guitar since my Dad bought me a $7.00, unknown acoustic 46 years ago. That should make me about 58. He put some brand new humpty duty Black Diamond strings on it which pulled the neck up to where the strings sat around 6" off the fretboard. Well, they weren't very close anyway. The neck had no way to adjust it so imagine learning to play using heavy gauge Black Diamond strings a ways from the fretboard. I didn't know any better so I thought it was normal for the blood dripping off my bent crooked fingertips.Since then I've been through a multitude of guitars and strings. I always wanted a Les Paul but my playing never improved enough to justify $2000.00 - $4000.00. I started reading reviews on the Epiphone Les Paul 100 for $249.00 and they were running from 4.5 - 5 stars. I finally, after much self convincing, bought the ebony through Amazon. I've owned Strats, Telecasters, cheapies, an Alvarez I think. I unpacked it out of the box, did a little tuning and this is absolutely, the most beautiful, sweetest thing I've ever held in my life, (except for the little lady of course). No kidding, I recommend this guitar to anyone even if it cost a couple of grand.Strings: The ones that came on there sounded great. I didn't put it down for a couple of weeks. Sounds great in the bathroom, good acoustics. I finally got the best out of that set of strings. I always use Ernie Ball on everything. They've got a wrench to fit every nut in the house. I saw some Hybrids on Amazon and had never heard of them. I bought a pack of them along with some Super Slinkys, Regular Slinkys, Earthwood Silk & Steels. I put the Hybrids on the new Les Paul. They made it sound even better than it was. Chuck Barry, The Ventures, Clapton, set the LP and Fender amp right and the sound is just as good. The lower strings have a wonderful rich tone, they're fairly heavy but easy on the fingers. The high strings will talk to you. I can bend the g-string easier than a Super Slinky. This is the only guitar I've used them on but they sound great. I imagine I'll stick with them for this machine from now on. Of course Amazon is always 5 stars in my book.