The NS Mini chromatic headstock tuner quickly recognized twelve pitches across a multi-octave range of electric bass, guitar and mandolin. The accidentals appear as sharps or flats toggled using the alternate functions of the frequency button.The tuner's view window is slightly larger than a Chiclet but brightness and resolution are fine for dimly-lit spaces.  One thing that's less than ideal is the charcoal color of the tuner itself. If you've ever dropped stuff on dark stages you know what I mean. I'd wager the back of most headstocks skew to lighter tones than darker, so if discretion is what the manufacturer is emphasizing, a lighter color may work better.The notes appear red when out of tune; their color changes to green as a `rough marker'.  You then continue fine tuning using the vertical bars that appear on both sides of the note.  They've gone to lengths to make the tuner stage-friendly, but I'd much prefer the green color mean ` fine tuned and done'.  That way I can look from a distance. I should only have to bother with the bars if I'm struggling to home in (and in my experience that's the exception rather than the rule and usually caused by: new strings, slack under the bridge pins, a slipping tuner, etc.  Mid-life strings tend to stretch and loosen predictably, so long as you don't use a lot of altered tunings.The NS is designed to be clipped discretely to your instrument headstock and viewed from the back. I'm a lefty and, unlike some other tuners, I appreciate the swiveling base that allows me to view the screen right-side up.The viewer doesn't extend far above the headstock surface and felt a bit cramped on my L4 with large New Yorker-style tuners.  On headstocks with more bare wood like a Strat, or even my A-style mandolin, it was easier to find a comfortable spot for viewing that didn't obstruct my hand while turning keys.At first I didn't like the ratchet clamp that attaches to the headstock. I could attach the tuner with one hand by squeezing the clamp tight but it felt like I needed two to remove it: one to press the release and another to pull the clamp out. After a little practice, however, I found this wasn't the case and the touch required isn't difficult at all.The tuner's constructed in a high-impact composite, similar to those parachute-style clamps you see on backpacks. It feels durable and very unlikely to break, although I didn't try stomping on it.I was impressed the battery comes uninstalled in a separate small bag.  The battery door has a concave slot for easy opening with a pick or a coin. The tuner has an auto-shutoff function to preserve battery life.The power and frequency buttons are just nibs really; I'd prefer they be larger with more surface and a bit of click to them. The tuner can be calibrated in integer steps from 430 to 450 if 440 doesn't work for you.One advantage of a chromatic tuner is you can tune to a chord and aren't limited to (usually) diatonic open strings.  For myself, I only use tuners to set the pitch of one string, usually the low A for guitar or bass and low G for mandolin. In my opinion, tuning a fretted instrument completely by open strings is only slightly better than tuning it completely with harmonics - and neither does the job well. Intonation is subject to a bunch of variables: string action and thickness, neck relief, fret condition, nut and bridge condition.Once I have a single string to pitch I match fretted and open string unisons and octaves. After a while you learn which combination works best for each instrument.I used to love staring at those Pignose-sized 'strob-a-tuners' sitting on amps and never faulted a musician who took their time to tune accurately (I wish many more did). I'm not quite sure how we went from, 'We tune because we care' to 'I'm so embarrassed to be standing here tuning I hope no one notices', but the NS Mini Headstock tuner - questionable design choices and all - does what it says with a minimum of fuss.