sing that in a drivin and cryin 90s alt rock way. why? cause that's what this bad boy (or girl to be pc) does. It is instant ideas. The thing that makes this so simple and effective is you can simply record a riff (or melody/top part), then create around it, loop by loop, or just one idea with another on top. As simple as this sounds, otherwise, you would have to record a track, then play over that, taking time and killing inspiration in the process.There are others on the market, to be sure. I had the boss looper with 2 pedals, and it was noisy on playback. That was years ago, and I couldn't get rid of it fast enough! I've used delay pedals my whole life, and being a fan of shoegaze/dream pop, I have always had a love of layered guitars/loops, a la the church or the chameleons, or chapterhouse, lush, house of love, and stuff.I looked on youtube and read reviews for a while before my purchase, as I don't have money to waste. This seemed to be the best choice for me. The use of this live, especially without the footswitch (sold seperately), would be tough to be sure. There are some stop and start moments, as to be the case with loopers. The only one I've seen that seems seamless is the boss one or roland one with like 5 pedals and is like 700 bucks maybe more. There are demos of a guy looping himself with different instruments all running into it. For the price, it should be and is great.This little wonder though, is fantastic. The price can't be beat, and it doesn't suck up tone as some of the other ones do from what I've read. The thing I would say is, it's best for recording, and to use as an audio notepad in a way. You can use saved loops in songs, but since they are already formed, so it's silly to start a song with 5 guitars in a dense dance!my last thought on this, this is a secret, come closer......closer now...come on I won't bite..........A VOLUME PEDAL! that way you can layer with different adjusted levels and not bending down and fixing levels and such. sounds simple, but you'll see. I am going to look for a decent one.