I play and teach classical guitar and needed a good digital recorder with which to record myself and my students and also be able to convert to mp3 format to upload to the internet.  I've recorded several solo pieces and it does pick up the guitar very well, including all string squeaks and fret buzzes (darn it).  So, it will force you to clean up your playing a bit.  If you are a musician and want a recorder that is very portable and relatively easy to use, then this little gadget is quite good.  It won't give you "recording studio" quality, but you can clearly hear the deep tones of a classical guitar and no hiss, or background noise (unless you have big-mouthed birds like I do) so you're recording is very clear.When I get ready to record, I set the gain as described in the manual, then set the recorder on my music stand and begin playing.  Since I bought the 4G card, I can play the piece as many times as I need too in a row without worrying about it running out of memory just as I finally play the piece to my specifications.  Also, if you connect the H2 to an electrical outlet and not rely on the batteries, that is one less worry.  Your H2 won't die during recording because the batteries give out.I can't really tell any difference in the recording quality with or without the wind sock that came with it.  It sounds the same.  I guess if I were a singer I would use it to screen out wind but a guitar doesn't really need it.  Yes, the screen is very small and difficult to read - I keep a magnifying glass handy, but now I've pretty much got the button pushing sequences memorized and don't need to use it as often to see the screen.  Also, download a free editing program such as "Audacity" so you can convert your recordings to various formats.I'd give it 5 stars if the case was a little more substantial.  It seems fragile and I dropped it once but luckily it bounced off my foot which had a big fuzzy house shoe on it so it didn't break.  But it might have if I had not broken it's fall.  And you will need a longer USB cord.  I can't believe the one they sent was so short.  But that is a very easy fix and overall this is one nice little tool.  And for the price, I'd buy it again!  :-}UPDATE 2.22.12I'm still using the H2 Zoom on almost a daily basis to record my students playing and my own playing.  I still love it, it works great and I feel I really purchased a great item.