I'm giving this one 5 stars, with the caveat that you MUST GET THE SILVER ALUMINUM one, otherwise the black thermoplastic ones do break. The thermoplastic ones broke on me within 2-3 months of use, 3 different ones, until I got the silver one which has not had that problem. Every music store I go to locally has the black thermoplastic ones, and they look in disbelief at me when I say they break. But they did --if I leave it on the guitar on a fret for 5 or 10 minutes and go into the kitchen to make tea, the thing literally snaps and breaks into 2 or 3 pieces and goes airborne at high speed in 2 pieces, and could poke someone's eye out in a public performance, freaky. There's something about the rainy days higher humidity cool damp air pressure and/or temperature fluctuation that does it.I live in northern california, so I don't know if a dry climate like the southwest would not have that problem.The SILVER ALUMINUM ONE by contrast, hasn't broken in now nearly a year of use, and shows no hints of doing that. It feels different in the hand from the thermoplastic-- no hint of plastic, but it is very light and not heavy like the G7 ones are. I made sure to order the silver aluminum one through Amazon, since the description on the black ones say some are aluminum and some thermoplastic, and I only want to make sure I get the aluminum one.The silver aluminum Planet Waves capo really is the best capo I've ever had, super easy to use, very easy to put on and switch from one fret to another while you're going from playing one song to another (you don't have move your body or the guitar like you do with all other capos to put it on or move it, which is a spectacular design), it keeps the strings in tune better than most other capos, and it's out of the way of your hands, doesn't interfere when you play any chord. The screw adjustment is in the perfect place for the least strain and doesn't hurt the fingers when turning it. It's the least obtrusive and best capo ever. I'll also add that I have an old carpal injury so I want the least strain, and small hands, so I want the least awkward and most light capo, and this does that. I absolutely love it, and I'm glad that the aluminum ones are durable.