I've owned several multi-effect pedals in the past, even one Digitech.  Up til now, they all had one thing in common: layers of menus to click thru to make any changes or adjustments.  It was a pain.  Then I saw this one...with KNOBS! I did a lot of research, and was torn between the RP255 and the RP355. I decided to go cheap and got the RP255.  So far, that was an OK decision.  The RP255 has plenty of features, and is a good compromise between menus and knobs.  I recommend reviewing the manual for your first day or two of orientation.To sum up the device quickly, the RP255 is probably capable of generating any sound or effect you want, but you may need to work at it.  As with many multi-effect pedals, there is a selection of (60) factory tone/effect profiles, to save you the trouble of programming new ones.  These are mirrored by 60 "user-defined" profiles, which are identical to the factory presets.  The difference is that #1-60, can be modified by the user, or left as-is.  The factory presets, # 61-120, are not modifiable.  So, you can really experiment with different setups without worrying about losing what came from the factory.  You can also "reset" the entire device if you want to, but if you do you will lose all of your modifications.In addition to all the different tones and effects this unit has to offer, there are also two additional features which are very useful: a (pretty basic)drum machine and a 20 second looper.  The looper is really why I bought this pedal.  It's easy to use, and it overdubs.  I only wish Digitech would have made it a 40 or 60 second looper.  20 seconds really isn't much.  FYI, you cannot use the drummer and the looper at the same time.  No biggie for me.OK, all that's good, so why am I disappointed in this unit?  Pretty simple.  I'm an older guy, who has been playing for approximately 50 years.  I've played every kind of music there is, and I would have appreciated a much broader selection of presets.  This may be a slight exageration, but it seems like 95% of the presets are some sort of (obnoxious) distortion.  Come on guys, not all of your customers are 13 years old!  I expect a professional piece of equipment to offer a variety of professional choices.  Now, I'm faced with working out all of my own presets.  I'm back to programming menus again, ugh!.So that's about it.  It's a solid piece of equipment, with too many juvenile tone presets to choose from.  In all honesty, if I had been aware of this, I would have probably not gotten this unit, inspite of its good design and quality.