I initially wanted a Yamaha Pacifica 012DLX - Guitar Center in Eugene claimed to have stock in website - but when I reached there - there wasn't any. So I tested an Affinity and a Bullet HSS instead - and thought the Bullet was pretty ok - but they did not have the color I wanted. So I ordered through Amazon - but I bought a microcube from Guitar Center as I'm greatful for the opportunity to test guitars.I waited for 2 weeks before I make this review so that it would be accurate and not based on initial impression.I received the guitar in perfect condition - it came in a brown box shipping with no pictures or nice colors. Just a few words SQUIER by Fender. New strings and scratch free. Made in China it says. However - it did not have sharp frets like I experience with some 100 bucks guitarsThe action came very high and I had intended to return it - but the guitar was perfect and I couldn't find any fault to return. So I proceed to setup the guitar through 3 long and painful steps: 1)Straightened the neck by adjusting the truss rod. 2)Then measured the string action height and set it from 1.5mm for the first 3 strings and 2mm for the last 3 strings. 3)Setup the intonation using a tuner. You really need a tuner for this step.After that, the guitar was splendid. It did go out of tune in 2 or 3 days but stabilized after that. I do not use the trem bar for fear of losing the tuning.After 2 weeks, I'm still loving the guitar. Beginners be warned - you may like the action or may need to do setup like I did. In fact I'm so impressed with Squier that I'm thinking of getting the Squier Standard Strat next - pretty curious of the Alnico pups.Latest review:Downgraded from 5 to 3 stars.I bought a Washburn RX40 with Duncan USM.The bullet is nice but I outgrew it.The tuners are hard to tune as they are not sensitive.The bullet has little sustain unless you want to experiment with it by changing strings, Tusq nut, locking the trem down.. etc.I'd recommend to save some money and buy something above $200. Guitars at that price may be twice the cost,.. but is more than twice better.The 2 important things are not in Bullet: the sustain and the sound.Latest review:The product is back at 5 stars!I got the sustain to improve by increasing the action.Fret buzz causes the the sustain to be cut short.There some sounds that a Strat can do that humbuckers type guitar fall short...like attack finger plucking.