Elixir coated strings were by far my favorite strings for my acoustic guitar. D'Addario has finally made a string that is comparable to and maybe a little tiny bit better than the Elixir's.These are very nice bright strings. The coating is incredibly subtle, almost impossible to feel on the strings. I like that. Compared to Elixir's these are a bit brighter, with good feel.Call me old school, I hate the packaging. These strings are packaged in three two string loops inside a single plastic bag. Ah, you know I'm just so used to strings that are individually looped. Two strings looped together makes a mess while I'm restringing a guitar - when I unwrap that pair, I've got a string that has to sit out unwrapped on the bench. The neat freak in me hates that. I also dislike that the strings are in one plastic bag. Yeah I get it; they are trying to be more environmentally responsible. But darn it, 6 paper envelopes? It feels to me like they are just trying to cheapen up the packaging materials, not some environmental cause. 100% post-consumer recycled paper adds very little to the environmental load.I know D'Addario loves the color coded ends. On my acoustic guitar that's irrelevant, the ends are hidden inside the guitar behind the pegs. On my electric guitars, I don't like the look at all. I prefer gold or silver rings at the end. If the strings are in individual labeled packages, there's no need for the colors.D'Addario loves the color coded end rings so much, they do a horrible job color coding and simplifying their packaging. I have yet to decode their colors or naming system.I normally use 10 gauge strings in my acoustic guitar. I tested these at 12 gauge and am surprised how much I like them. The slightly thicker string is not bad.Oddly these strings are priced almost the same as Elixir's. My reason for using the original D'Addario strings is low price - if somebody is doing gigs nightly, those uncoated strings are the only way to go. Strings end up being changed long before corrosion becomes an issue for the gigging musician. For the home enthusiast, coated strings make a ton of sense, they do last longer. I think they are worth the premium price. Now there are two choices for excellent coated strings.In the end, the packaging, the color coded end rings, the crazy package coding, and the double looped strings all mean nothing once the strings are on the guitar. What they sound like and play like is the most important thing. And in that regard these are excellent strings.