I've been thinking about trying the Nanoweb strings for a while, but I was a bit put off by the high price (they cost about twice as much as the uncharted strings I've been buying)  and the comments of some reviewers that the tone of coated strings is noticeably duller. I was intrigued by the promise of long life, though; I have a Taylor Big Baby that I bought used, and which came with a set of Nanowebs that had probably been on it for a year- and they didn't sound at all like old strings. This review set gave me a chance to finally see for myself how they sound when new.I'd just changed the strings on my 1970s Gibson Gospel a week ago, so I decided that would be my reference. The Nanowebs went on my 1970s Guild D-35. Both are well broken in, solid spruce top guitars. The Gospel is a bit brighter sounding, but I'm pretty familiar with the sound of both guitars. If they D-35 sounded dull, I'd notice.As I was unwrapping the Nanowebs I noticed that while they were labeled "Light" gauge, they had a 0.013" E string- something you'd be more likely to find on a set of medium gauge strings. The B was a .017, compared to the .016 of the D'Addarios I usually play. The rest of the strings were there usual light gauges. Turns out that these are "HD Light" gauge, designed to have a slightly more tension and better articulation at the high end. The difference shouldn't be enough to require any truss rod adjustment so I went ahead and installed them on the D-35.So how do they sound? The unwound E and B don't sound different from any other plain steel string, of course. The E does feel a tiny bit stiffer, when I switch between the D-35 and the Gospel. Sound-wise, I'd say they sound like a good set that have been on a guitar for a day. I wouldn't call them dull by any stretch of the imagination. If I didn't know that they were coated strings I certainly wouldn't be able to tell from playing them. So they're good sounding strings, and they last a long time. That leaves the question of cost- are they worth twice the price of uncoated strings?Here's the way I see it: If you're a heavy strummer, or playing gigs every night, maybe not. You're probably breaking strings or losing them to metal fatigue long before they'd go dull from corrosion or contamination. But if you're a finger picker, or a light strummer, a coated string will probably save you a lot of money in the long run. And if you're a hobby player who keeps a guitar around the house, and picks it up once in a while to entertain friends or family, coated strings are probably an excellent choice. For myself, I'm going to leave these on the D-35 for as long as they still sound good. I'll update this review when I find out just how long they do last.Follow up: After playing these for a few days, I actually went out and bought a set in the same gauge for my Loar LH-350, an arch top guitar with a carved top that gets played more than any of my other guitars. They sound great on the Loar, and now I have two guitars to do a long term test on.