Of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand I use at home. It does twist around a bit when you handle it. On the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light. This stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. I've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and I've never had it tip over, but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and I set the legs to their sturdiest position. I always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50" off the floor. That's plenty high for me even if I were a vocalist, and I'm 6'1". Sure, it does not impress as would an $80-$100, stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $13. I notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old, and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs, but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you: The stand they delivered to me this month (October 2011) was NOT a "two section" stand, as advertised. It's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20" length that fits in my practice bag. I actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. I bought one of these Hisonic Signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. That one definitely was in two sections, and I made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. That older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps.