Versus the Godlyke, I'd say this is the better purchase. Though the Godlyke product claims 2000mA of power (2amps), this is slighlty less at 1.7mA (1700mA or 1.7amps). Anyway, if your drawing that much juice using your pedal board, you may want to re-consider what you are using. The product itself is plastic, but seems solid, I believe it will hold up to repeated use no problem. Being plastic though, you do have to be careful not to drop it or have it stepped on or rolled over, etc. I do like the fact that it does have a heavier gauge wire than the Godlyke product and seems slimmer so it will fit more readily into '1 spot' as advertised. The heavier wire means that when someone rolls in their 4x12 cab your power supply cable will have a higher chance of survival. The extender that comes with is good, seems about as generic in length and space between connections as you can get. I only wish it came with two of them. I am using a Pedaltrain Pro board and at 32.9 inches, it will require a pair of the extensions to get to all the pedals. The combo pack also includes some other adapters for those odd pedals that refuse to conform and use 1/8" power connections, some 9 volt adapters for pedals with out any external power. One thing I have not checked yet is the actual output of the supply. A lot of companies think that if their voltage is 'close' to 9 volts, thats good enough. The reality is that this is an indication of poor quality control and lack of intrest in producing a quality product. You will find some higher end devices specifically warn NOT to use anything higher than 9 volts so 9.6 volts isn't 'close enough'. Anyway, while I have not checked the output of the adapter yet, I did fire it up on all the pedals I could power with the one extension that came with and everything worked nice and quiet. It is amazing how having a good quality power source can help eliminate some buzz and other 'noise' from your signal chain. I'd buy this again and in fact I may buy another just as a back up. It is a tad pricey at thirty bucks... feels more like a twenty five dollar item given the all plastic construction but, all in all, a good buy over the competition.