I made the mistake of thinking I could save forty bucks and get by with the Shure PG-58.  I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P.A.). Whatever the reason, the PG-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the Roland Cube / Peavey amps I try to employ it with (I use a 1/4" adapter with the XLR connector that comes with the mic).  When I borrow a Shure SM-58 mic from someone, the difference is instant and dramatic--it's a far more efficient (i.e. louder) mic, producing a full, clear sound, and without additional pre-amplification, demonstrating why it's the most popular microphone in the world.  For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch.  It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members.  And even if you're an instrumentalist, it may be wiser to select the SM-58 over the SM-57.  The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. Above all, the SM-58 has proven itself to be the Sherman tank of microphones, simply unparalleled for ruggedness and durability.[I see a review cautioning the consumer to be wary of "this seller."  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns.  But anyone who returns an SM58 probably had no business buying it in the first place.  They are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility.  In fact, it's the very popularity of the SM58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators.  Consumers require choice, but with the Shure SM58 there need be none.]