If you are considering this guitar, I have to assume you're shopping for an electric guitar at the lower end, not trying to decide between this and a Gibson Les Paul Custom.  It is in the category of beginner/intermediate guitars that I rate this a 5 star instrument.I really couldn't find anything "wrong"  with it.  Yes, it has shortcomings as compared to the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls, such as having only two controls for volume and tone, rather than four, which also means it has a slightly different look that the famous Gibson.  But you weren't planning to try to fool anyone, were you?  Beginning players would be well advised to focus on developing their skills and honing technique, rather than fussing around with tone controls anyway.The sound is good, and I found the appearance and finish of mine to be just fine.  The pickups are surprisingly good.  The same electronics are found on some of the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls.  It was no great surprise to find that the strings are no good, although it would sure be nice if they didn't cut corners on such an inexpensive component that is also integral to sound quality.As for fit and finish, reading the reviews has convinced me that there is a lot of variation in both, and it is luck of the draw whether you get one that was made on a Monday after a long weekend of partying.  For several reasons, if I had this to do over, I would not buy it online (nor would I buy it from GC).  Better to inspect the actual guitar you'll be buying, and don't be shy about asking them bring out another one if you don't like the first one you see.I discovered too late that my local music shop would have sold me this guitar for about the same price, but they would have included a full professional setup, including string change.  You are likely to find a similar deal where you live, because the smaller shops are having to do more and more to compete with the Internet and GC.As it is, I took my guitar to the local shop and paid for a setup.  It had some intonation problem, the action was too high, and as others have commented, the strings on this guitar need to be changed immediately.  I asked the luthier his opinion of the tuners, as I'd read a lot of people trashing the tuners.  Bearing in mind that he had a financial incentive to steer me toward replacing them, he instead assured me that they were fairly decent, and advised against changing them unless a problem develops.Out of the box, I was a little unsure of my purchase.  However, now that it's been fully set up  and new strings installed, I am quite pleased with this guitar.  I don't believe you will find a better guitar, or even close, at this price level.I did a lot of shopping, and considered guitars up to $500 for my first foray into electric.  I was tempted to go with something more expensive, on the theory that in a couple years, I'll want to upgrade anyway.  Now I'm glad I chose this one.  For one thing, this is a guitar I'll always enjoy having around.  There is nothing cheap or toy-like about it.  In 2-3 years, my tastes may change.  I may want something completely different down the road, and now I still have that option.  Had I gone with a more expensive model, I'd feel locked in.  No good!BOTTOM LINE:  If you're shopping for a guitar in this price range, I think you'll be pleased with this guitar.  Buy it locally so you can see the exact guitar you're buying, and negotiate to have a setup included, because it will almost certainly need one.  Have it set up right, install some quality strings, and you'll be very happy with the Epiphone LP Special II.