I'm not going to do any explaining about the "science" behind how this pedal works. I'm just going to focus this review on how the pedal affects your tone. This definitely isn't a boost, and it's also not an eq, the BBE sonic stomp is a uniquely functioning pedal. To the ear, it serves to add clarity, depth, and body to your tone. Essentially, this pedal allows you to get the most out of the tones your amp is already producing.The lo contour knob doesn't "increase" the amount of bass produced by the amp. Rather, it tightens up and generally increases the depth of the bass (and low mid) tone. To the ear this may sound at first like the bass has been increased, but it hasn't. You're just hearing all the bass tone that was there in the first place, that was jumbled up as the signal went from your guitar to the amp.The process knob really just focuses on the treble and high mid frequencies. These frequencies can often be very unpleasant and grating to hear, and the sonic stomp sort of evens and smooths out those tones so they are clearer and less harsh.That's not to say that you can't dial in some very aggressive and cutting highs if you play lead metal or something; indeed, it'll make those searing lead tones even better.Now, I gave this product 4 stars not because I've had any issues with it or haven't been in any way unsatisfied with it; but rather because it's really a fairly subtle effect. At first I almost couldn't tell a difference between having it on and off. With time I've been able to better recognize and appreciate the impact that it has on my tone, but it doesn't make a "night and day" difference.I recommend this pedal to someone who already has a tone that you're happy with, and just want to make it even better. This pedal won't make a cheap 15 watt solid- state combo sound like a tube half-stack. It won't make you love your tone when you were completely unsatisfied with it before.In conclusion, though I definitely wouldn't put this pedal into the "must have" category, it definitely improves the quality of my tone. This is a pedal that I leave on all the time, as it improves both clean and distorted tones.