I bought this pedal years ago, and like most guitarists who buy new gear, I fell victim to CONFIRMATION BIAS regarding the reviews I gave to my musician friends. Upfront, the pedal sounds great. In the store, if you demo this pedal, you'll quickly be able to zero in on whatever distortion you prefer... but over time, you'll get very frustrated with the actual tone of the distortion itself. Turn any of the knobs past 12, and you'll get some undesirable nasal/hissy/tinny frequencies that require compression, noise gating, and EQ to tame. The &#34;Top Boost&#34; does provide what it advertises, but if the pedal itself is already Dimebagged and you engage the Top Boost... it just sounds weird and unmusical.Electro Harmonix is a great pedal manufacturer, but I think they overstepped their bounds with this one. Where is this pedal now in my collection? Sold for cash. After deciding to bite the silver bullet and purchase a BOSS ME-70 Multi-Effects to simplify my gigging setup, I figured as nice as it is to have an Analog Distortion like the Metal Muff, it would never compete with the Digital Distortion onboard the ME-70... boy was I wrong. After getting the ME-70, I did an A/B test and the ME-70 took home the gold easily. This came at no surprise... considering both BOSS and MXR are respected manufacturers when it comes to Distortion sounds.What would I recommend you purchase? That depends. If you're in a metal band, and you're recording an EP, no pedal in my opinion comes close to fully-cranked tube-amp distortion. However, if your amp doesn't have a good distortion channel or capability, then a more conservative (and affordable) BOSS DS-1 for a more musical metal tone. The reality is, most manufacturers have great distortion pedals, so it really depends on your subjective standards for tone... since no two distortions sound the same. Personally, I recommend the MXR Fullbore Metal... the pedal I wish I had bought instead of the Metal Muff. The Noise Gate and Mid Scooper switches are far better pedal accessories than a Top Boost. The Fullbore also has a Mid Frequency shaping knob... which can dramatically shape the overall sound.