Finally, a product that is as simple to use as a point-and-shoot camera.  Literally, I opened the box, put in two batteries, the memory card, read the quick-start guide, put the Zoom on the included stand, and got out my mandolin and started recording.  The sound quality is great, and you can play it back directly on the Zoom by plugging in some head-buds (included).  The control buttons operate like a DVD remote, with a "menu" button, using the "fast-forward" and "reverse" to scroll through entries, and the "record" button as the "set".For someone who is not well-versed in audio terminology, gain, sampling rates, mics, pre-post amps, levels whatever, I just set it to medium gain, watched to make sure the lines don't go too far up, and was recording away in two steps.  Push "record" to test the gain level, and push "record" again, (red light stays on), to record, and push "record" to stop.  The file is saved, and then you can push play/pause to listen back.  Deleting files is a few extra steps but if you know how to program a VCR you can use this puppy.It is also handy, portable and easy to take places.  I will take it to record jam sessions, music lessons, and practice to evaluate my playing, and instrument comparisons.  The sound quality is great, and I could hear how resonant and clear my mandolin is.  I wish my playing was as great since it recorded pick noise, finger slide noise, and other assorted twangs and twings.  It records both in WAV (huge files) and mp3 (compressed), with various quality levels to choose from.  You can easily connect it to a computer (Windows/Mac) with the included USB cable.The only thing missing is a remote.  Since you have to push the button on the recorder, you have to move to it to activate/deactivate it.  Also picks up noise from your movements.  But for the price $199, it's a real gem.I always look for the one thing in a product that is a surprise, doesn't cost a lot and delights the customer.  On this one, it is the included wind sock, a tiny foam cap that you can slip on top of the unit to screen the wind for outdoors recording.  Cool!