I did some research on capos and decided to give Planet Waves a try. I previously had one of those bungie cord like capos, which was fine but it is a bit cumbersome.The other capos I looked into were Kyser and Schubb. Kyser is great because of its easy trigger grip. It's disadvantage however is that it has a lot of weighted tension on one side so it can knock your strings out of tune. The Schubb deals with this issue by having an adjustable tension spring that will adjust pressure according to the thickness of the neck. The problem with the Schubb, however, is that it can't really be manipulated with one hand and it can easily fall of the guitar.In comes the Planet Waves. It has a trigger grip so technically you can easily move it around the fretboard. However, because of the adjustable tension, you do need to adjust it when moving to a different neck thickness. It might rule out the one-handed ease but it does take care of Schubb's problem of falling off. In reality, I only found that I need to adjust the tension when switching between guitars or if I move up way up the fretboard. Between the 1st and 5th fret, I don't really need adjust. However, if for some reason I want to capo at the 7th, I do need to adjust the tension because it's too tight. In all, it's not that big a deal and it's nice to have the option to adjust the capo.In all, I'm happy. No capo is perfect. You can do partial capos with this one. Another review complained that it created buzz but all you need to do it adjust the tension.In case you aren't aware, this particular capo model only works on six string steel guitars. I have an electric guitar, a nylon and a Recording King ROS-06 with a chunky neck. Works great on the electric with the skinny neck and the ROS-06 with that chunky neck. Since the capo was built for guitars with a radius fretboard, it does not work on classical guitars (or anything with a flat fretboard). The capo will not reach across the entire fretboard and since the cap is curved, it will not apply pressure on the middle strings.It's a nice capo but it may not be what you're looking for so I recommend looking into the other two big hits in capos.