Summary for those who don't want to read the whole thing: This is more than worth the money. If you're a beginner looking for a first guitar or if you're experienced and are searching for a backup/travel option or anything like that, get this. Do not hesitate. A cheap guitar doesn't ALWAYS mean a POS!Alright, full story/review:So, when I was a kid up until my early teens my (insanely talented and self-taught) older brother helped me learn how to play guitar. I got pretty decent but somewhere along the way I stopped and I've regretted it basically every day ever since then. Recently, I decided to stop internally griping about it and realized I should actually DO something about it. So, here I am.Having previously lived in a house with multiple guitarists, I have heard the sounds of expensive guitars and I have heard the sounds of the cheapest guitars (like a typical beginner's First Act). I knew there was a middle ground and I was determined to find it. I got way more than I bargained for.I began my quest knowing that my funds were limited. There was no way I could afford to dive right in and buy a high end, top of the line Fender or Martin like I had had the benefit of learning on back in the day. I knew I had to go cheap, at least for now. I began scouring the internet in search of the best rated budget guitars. After an exhaustive amount of research, I chose this one due to the positive reviews and because all of the demos I'd pulled up on YouTube were excellent. Plus, Epiphone has a pretty good reputation in general.Despite the positive reviews, I was still a bit leery; buying instruments without actually handling them first is always a bit of a gamble. Even if it sounds nice and plays well, sometimes a perfectly solid, functional instrument just doesn't FEEL right. As I went through the checkout I silently reminded myself that I could send it back for any reason. I went into this fully knowing that there was a good possibility I'd just have to bite the bullet and buy something better, even if costlier.Well, it arrived earlier this week and I am not disappointed. I certainly didn't expect perfection and I was convinced that I would find some kind of error, if only cosmetic, with such a cheap guitar. I am here to tell you that I have not found anything wrong with it. Even if I had (unless it drastically affected the sound/playability of the instrument), it would still be worth the price.Along with the guitar I bought some new strings (Martins) because 9/10 times the stock strings that come on instruments are awful. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the stock strings are more than usable. I see that some of the other reviewers disagree. Maybe their strings were older or maybe it's just preference, I don't know. All I can say is that the stock strings on my guitar were not at all corroded/old. Shockingly enough, the guitar was pretty close to being in tune right out of the box! It doesn't seem to have any trouble staying in tune, either. All of that being said, it wouldn't hurt to pick up a pack of strings just to be safe. I mean, I'm sure that when I do finally put the Martins on I'll be even more mind-blown than I already am with the way it sounds.This guitar has a full, rich sound, plays comfortably (the low action helps!), and has zero issues with buzzing or dead frets. Oh, and contrary to what other reviews have said - YES, it DOES have a truss rod. While we're talking about its positives, let's not ignore the fact that it's also super attractive with its shiny black finish. There isn't much about it that would give away its price. No, it's not a $1000 guitar but it certainly doesn't play like a $100 guitar either! I don't regret this purchase at all. Even in the future when I progress and upgrade I will definitely be keeping this lovely gem!If you're still unsure, do what I did and listen to some demos on YouTube. I doubt you'll be disappointed. (Pay no mind to the reviews the guy on the GearWire YouTube channel did. He clearly doesn't know what he's talking about and I, as well as everyone else in the comments section, was sure to express my feelings about that, haha! One user even claimed Epiphone should sue him!) Check out the video reviews by the users/companies GoldHat3, SamAshMusic, GigGear, and ShadowFW.My only complaint about this guitar is that I didn't buy it sooner!Good luck on your search, I hope this review has helped!