The Behringer US600 is well-made. The high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. It is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode.I purchased the US600 specifically for the &#34;Detune&#34; effect. This effect works quite well with single coil pickups going through tube amps. The effect is particularly dramatic when Outputs A & B are fed into two different amps, giving a nice room-filling stereo effect.I was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. The Pitch Shifter produces a very nice lower octave effect, about as good as I have heard anywhere. When using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. This makes the guitar sound HUGE!The Harmonist effect is amusing, but it has limited uses. It won't make you sound like Duane Allman and Dickey Betts playing in harmony. However, it is handy for short solos. I tried it in the key of G and got useful results.The Trem Bar would work well in loud uses like metal. The Flutter effect gives a nice Leslie effect sound.Overall I think this device offers more value than many more expensive pedals. I have seen several speak ill of it, but I'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. There is quite a learning curve on this gadget, but fulling results are obtainable if one takes time to master the device.One other observation: This is more of a studio effect than a road effect. There are many individual adjustments that need to be made in order to calibrate each effect. It would be difficult to do this with the box on the floor. I had to place it on top of my rig in order to access the control knobs and make adjustments. The only way it would work well as a floor pedal would be it the device were dedicated to only one effect (Detune, for example) while gigging.In conclusion, I debated for months whether or not to purchase this effect. I'm glad I finally decided to get it. The great sounding Detune effect alone makes it worth the price. The Octave effect from the Pitch Shifter is a nice bonus. The other effects are icing on the cake. Kudos to Behringer for building another reasonably priced effect for the home studio enthusiast and the weekend warrior!