I will start with saying this is NOT a Class 1 Tube amp; meaning ALL tube in the pre-ampAND the amplifier sections. I will also say that if you can find one used - buy it. It is awonderful practice amp and can also serve well as a studio amp or a small gig amp. Ipurchased this amp about 2 years ago and love it.The Super Champ XD is considered a 'hybrid' amp. It uses solid state circuits and tubesto bring you your hybrid 15 watts of sound.  The power amp is all tube and the preampis solid state and tube. I am not real technical when it come to amps but can tell youthis amp has had some detractors and a lot of fans mainly because it is a hybrid. Thereis definitely plenty of opinions out there on the web.This amp has two channels; one clean Classic 'Blackface' tone channel and one channelthat uses digital signal processing to dial in 16 effects and 16 different amplifier voices.You can purchase a foot switch for about $25 that enable you switch between channelone and channel two.The amp also has a 1/4" Speaker Out so you can connect an external speaker box if youso choose to increase your decibels with a bigger speaker. There is also a 1/4" Line Outto connect recording or sound reinforcement equipment. Unfortunately, there is not aHeadphone Output or Effects Loop.The amplifier use three tubes: 1x 12AX7 and 2x 6V6s. It's speaker is a 10 inch, 8ohm'Special Design' Fender. If you want to get louder, fuller and cleaner you could replacethe stock speaker with a Eminence 'Rajin Cajun'. You can also just break in the stockspeaker and see what you think. Some players are comfortable with the stock speaker.With regard to tubes and speakers there are plenty of forums out there that talk about themods they use and the subsequent results from those mods. This is an amp you can easilymod and after a few years there have been plenty of people doing just that.I will say that the clean channel is very nice whether I play through my Gibsons or myFender Tele. I very much enjoy the clean Blackface sound of the amp. It will breakupwhen you dial up to about 4 or 5 on the Master.The Digital Voicing Processor(DSP), from what I read from more experienced players, arepretty darn close to the original. Voices like, Tweed, British (Think Vox jangle), FenderHot Rod, Metal, an Acoustic 'super clean' tone optimized for finger picking. There is alsoa clean Jazz tone that has the 'character of the Fender Jazz King amplifier'. Again, I amnot that experienced with all of these tones but many players have positivecomments about the digital voices.With regard to the Effects (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo) the opinionsout there is that they are serviceable but not authentic. It is often recommended to buya pedal specific for the effect you are looking for if you want 'authentic'.If you want or need  a highly versatile voice channel with a wonderful clean channel thisis the amp. It  weighs only 25 pounds (10.9kg) so it's portability is very good. This ampwas a wonderful deal at $300 when I originally bought it in 2011. It is still a good dealtoday - if you can find one used.