For $99 you get the best good sized, heavy duty, high quality amp with tons of SOUND!-Construction: Solid, good material and parts, Fender used the good stuff.-Sound: Nice clear & LOUD sound especially for an 8" speaker and 20W amp. You can definitely jam with a drummer no problem, or just shred it wearing headphones.-Effects: There are 9 "amp models" (i.e. "57 deluxe", "metal 2000", etc...) and with these 9 amp sounds to choose from, you can apply 24 effects on top of any of the 9 amp models.The effects include chorus, deep chorus, flange, tremelo, vibration, phaser, step filter, delay (150ms, 300ms, 700ms), Reverb, large hall, small room, echo filter, octaver, etc...)So what are the presets? Each of the 9 amp models has been pre-programmed with three different presets (meaning a professional put three different combinations of effects on the amp model to showcase its best sounds).When you select a preset, like the first metal 2000 for example, the minute you touch the "gain" knob, the gain that was programmed for that preset now becomes whatever level you set. Same with treble, bass, volume, and all other effects. The moment you touch any dials or effects knobs, you have custom control to tweak each preset, just temporarily, or save it if you wish.It's so great, because often I feel I would have made a present slightly more this or that, simply grab the gain or change the treble, or move from delay to reverb and make it your own! Very easy.-Ease of use: Plug in your guitar, spin the dials to select the presets and to change the effects. Plug in ipod or computer with 3.5mm male cable. It's that easy!-PC Software: I've heard their is trouble installing, mine said "error" and did not install on Windows 7. I know there are ways to fix this, and I will do so when I have some time. Comes with a USB cable (mini for the amp, regular plug for the computer). Works for mac or PC, get more presets, use effects pedels and recording instruments through the computer. Play on guitar rig and amplitude. Awesome.-Size: Perfect. Big enough to give it a serious look, and a quality feel. Small enough to fit easily under a table, next to your desk, etc. Looks like 18"x18" to me. The front metal-looking grill is mesh, but quality and looks great.-Tuner: Super simple. Doesn't tell you which note is in tune, just tells you left, right, or green in center for "in tune".All in all when compared to the Line 6 Spider, and many other fender amps, this one has the quality sound, the dozens of different effect combinations, input for a footswitch, aux for ipod, and USB for computer. It has it all. I jam through headphones for hours each day since I bought it. The reverb and gain distortion are so clean, and the clean channels on some of the amp models have really good tone. My guitars sound way better than they used to through my old mini fender amp.Don't sleep on this, it's $99 for a loud quality amp with $1,000s worth of effects peddles built in.And did I mention, EASILY CUSTOMIZABLE so easy I could teach a 5 year old. Select a preset, change the dials you want to change, make changes permanent only by hitting "save" otherwise presets stay the way the factory made them.LOVE THIS AMP, and I've shopped EVERY comparable model. This is the one, hands down worth a minimum of $150.Louder than my friends 60W!:D ONE LOVE FENDER MUSTANG YOU ROCK!