I got one of these years ago as a starter mandolin. Do they sound as good as a 5K Gibson F5? Not hardly. Do they sound good for a 40-50 dollar Chinese built instrument out of the cheapest materials they could find? Actually, yeah, they do. This is one of those instruments where a case can cost as much or more then it does so I wouldn't worry about that. When you get it, the action is likely to be high and if you can't lower the bridge enough with the wheels it's easy enough to sand some off the bottom. Also, like most cheap instruments the strings that are on it are trash. Just throw them out or strangle the cat with them or something. Decent strings don't cost very much.Depending on what they sent you and how the labor force was the day it was built, you actually might have a piece of firewood or a pretty playable (after you fix the bridge and strings...) little instrument. The hardware isn't the best and the tuners suck but hey, if you're just starting out, tuning is part of the game.For $49.99 (and I've seen new ones 10 bucks less from time to time) it's worth the investment. You can spend more on dinner and a movie, and after you ate and watched the flick, it's gone. With the money spent here, you'll have something to keep you entertained until it falls apart and that will be much longer then one evening. My 7 year old boy owns mine now and he beats the hell out of it, so far, so good. It's been holding up well.BTW, if $49.99 breaks you, and you discover lessons cost more then your mandolin (been there), since you're here reading this, that means you're on the net and you can get plenty of starter lessons on youtube that will get you going, after that, you can find MANY good books/cds/dvds that will help you along even further and one day you'll get a better instrument. I'm actually thinking of getting another one to beat around on so I don't take the chance of ruining my good one while camping or whatever, and if I get cold and run out of wood, these are almost cheap enough to burn.One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. If you go to certain online classifieds (CL coughcoughcough) you'll notice people ask 50 bucks or MORE for these, sometimes over 100. USED. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. This is one of the few cases where I'd buy new over used. If you decide to sell it and as long as it's not in pieces it'll still bring 20-30 bucks used so you won't be out much, but really, it's a good servicable instrument with a little work, but if you're lucky it might actually be set up right when you get it. Again though, not that big a deal to fix if it's not.Oh, as stated elsewhere these don't have trussrods. That's not bad in itself. You'd be surprised how many mandolins didn't have them years ago and alot of them are still around. Even from some big makers. If the neck warps in a year or two, no big deal, you got your moneys worth. Mines been kicking around for awhile, and the last year a 7 year old (6 at the time) has been beating on it and I can still pick it up, tune it and play it.