I have run sound for several large churches, providing services for both live sound and television broadcasting. The way that you have to mix for each of those is vastly different, especially when applying vocal effects. I have also run a small recording studio for the last 12 years.The 80/20 rule says that if you can get 80% of the sound you're looking for with 20% of the work, be satisfied. This Mic Mechanic (MM) is more like 99% of the sound with 1% of the work.I actually use this more in a studio setting than for live sound. Primarily because it solves SO many problems that you face as a sound engineer.1) Adaptive tone. The MM continuously listens to your voice and adjusts the compression, gate, EQ, and de-essing. Even when recording dry vocals, at a minimum, you should at least set your compression, then in post production, add parametric EQ to place your vocals where they need to be set.Now? I hit the tone button, and all that is done for me. It makes a dynamic mic sound great! It makes working with a condenser mic easier.2) Reverb. Most home recording enthusiasts have problems applying reverb. They either use too much or too little. With this, when you it equally between wet and dry, you get the right amount of reverb to bring recording to life. I recorded a vocal with club, room, and hall reverb. Each one sat just right! When you solo the vocals, you can tell which is used. In the mix it was more subtle. Good Job!3) Pitch correction. I have to admit, my own vocals aren't perfect. When you record your own vocals, and you're like me, you'll hear a "chorus" sound in your headphones. That's because you're hearing you own vocals and the pitch correction through the headphones. This takes a second to get use to.When set in the center, you can still do your vocal gymnastics, slide into notes, and it seems... natural. It pulls you to the closest not in the chromatic scale, so if you're way off, it will make your vocals sound out.I'm not a singer, but this has renewed my joy in singing!