"Oh its a crybaby", "I have a crybaby wah", "You suck because you don't own a crybaby"...I'm tired of hearing these statements from guitarists that are so fresh they couldn't even tell you how many strings their instrument has!  This wah pedal just doesn't cut it.  Maybe at one time, but not today, it hasn't been up to par in a LONG time.  As a young player I insisted on having a wah pedal.  My mom bought me this one.  I thought it was awesome until I learned better.  It took me about a week to learn how to turn it on and when I finally did I thought I broke it!The eq on this pedal isn't good, there is no smooth transition from heel to toe.  There is a big drop in the freq. that kills the effect.  You have to pump your foot really fast to avoid having that drop.  You have to pretty much push it toe foward and then literally stomp on it to turn it on and then follow the same steps to turn it off.  Very inconvenient for someone who is trying to rapidly move between effects on a board.  I can't say its just a complete piece of junk, it does give you a wah effect, it is a classic pedal but THERE IS BETTER out now so why are we still stuck in the stone age with this thing?  I even had someone mod mine and while it gave it a little more headroom and fixed the dropping issue, I still had to slam on it to turn it on/off and it still sounded like a cheap wah.My suggestion?  The Mark Tremonti wah is great!  Kicks this things end when it comes to range and simplicity to use!  It may cost more, but you will probably end up hating the crybaby and getting one anyway, so just go with the Tremonti Power Wah to begin with.  What I use for wah is the Digitech RP250 processor.  You may say that this is a cheap processor, and it is, but I've been using it for years and I haven't seen anyone that can tell the price of it based on the sound quality and thats what matters.  Why I suggest it for wah is you can control the sensitivity, how hard you have to press your toe down to turn it on (I have mine set fairly light) and you can totally shape your tone right there on the board very easily.  You even have presets (crybaby being one of them)  You can get an entire processor full of effects AND an awesome wah for a little bit more.If you want a cheap child's gimic-type toy, this is for you.  Want to get serious about a wah?  Spit on every crybaby you see and go elsewhere.