The US-100 works fine for my needs: rough and ready audio tracking with 32-bit Cubase 5 on 64-bit Windows 7. My PC is for general-use with a non-studio configuration (no mixer, non-phantom power mics, headphone monitoring).If you're buying for a studio setup requiring phantom power or multiple inputs, you'll need a separate mixer and/or standalone phantom supply. From the mixer you can cable to the US-100's line input via RCA jacks on the back.There were a couple of hiccups during setup, but I don't blame the device. It uses stock O/S drivers that loaded right up. The documentation is minimal and only covers up to Vista, but it's accurate and you'll manage with Win7. On the Windows side make the USB AudioCodec your default recording and playback device to override any onboard or card-based audio and speakers (I have Realtek onboard and 2.1 desktop speakers).I'm using ASIO4ALL with Cubase and Cubase crashed a couple of times while configuring VST connections and I/O busses. Once configured however, it's been solid.I'd recommend checking out user forums for your particular software/platform to find similar gotchas and to set your expectations.On an XP machine, changing the default sound devices often means the hassle of toggling settings before and after launching the DAW. On Win7, once I unplug the US-100, the settings revert nicely to my desktop speakers. If I plug the US-100 back in, the settings revert again - very reliable. Even better, if I want to use Cubase strictly for MIDI, the software detects the change and I don't have to reconfigure connections or busses. That may be a function of Cubase, so again it pays to research your particular software.While the US-100 is connected, you'll hear nothing from your computer speakers and have to rely upon the US-100's headphone jack or audio out RCA jacks. This is where the balance control is very helpful. It's not a pan, it's a center position gain mixing the computer's output (from within your DAW as well as outside system sounds) with direct monitoring of your input signal. Very simple to use for overdubbing. Some people may prefer a hard left/right pan while overdubbing: I can live with the center mix though a switch to toggle a true pan would have been a terrific feature.If you do want desktop speaker playback after your tracks are done, there are a number ways to go: 1) Unplug the US-100 and restart your DAW. 2) Run a cable from the RCA outs on the US-100 to the mini-jack aux in on your desktop speakers 3) Run a mini-jack extension cord from the headphone jack on the US-100 to the aux-in.While using the headphone jack, the RCA audio outs are muted and vis-versa. Rather than having to pull out the headphone I would prefer a push switch that toggles the front to back output, but I can live without it.Again, the US-100 works great so long as your needs meet its capabilities. You can't rely on the product description or packaging to answer that. Fortunately there's enough user-information out there for just about any setup it shouldn't be difficult to track down.