I am editing my previous review on this little guitar after taking the time to properly set it up, dial it in and play it for a while.  I edited yet again as someone didn't appreciate my "gloating" over other guitars I own.  Sorry to offend YOU.I made a knee jerk review (again) right after I got this.  But in all fairness I received my Gibson Les Paul on the same day, buying IT from my local music store and professionally set up, ready to go.  I was comparing apples and oranges, so to speak.  But now, even after comparing them to each other, they really aren't that far apart.The Gibson is the best guitar I've ever owned and made my previous comparison based on it.  But this little baby is now my second favorite.My other review was NOT FAIR!!!!!!  I paid a lot more for the Gibson and 149 bucks for this Epiphone.  Dollar for dollar this little Ephiphone is a steal!!!!  WOW!!!I must honestly admit, the edge goes to my Gibson, but not by as much as you'd think.  This little Epiphone is an outstanding guitar, regardless of price.  If I were to play them each blindfolded I would never guess one was $149 guitar, ever!  The tone of the Epiphone is much like the Gibson Les Paul.  It's easy to play, comfortable and has a sweet sound.  I can either rock out with it or mellow out and play the blues or classic rock.To be honest, I will probably play this Epiphone a LOT more than the Gibson.  After all, if I ding this one up I haven't broke the bank.  I think I'll tend to use this one a lot more than the other.I am very happy with this Epiphone Les Paul and will proudly play and OWN it.  I am amazed they can make this thing for the money they charge.  I may purchase another one and put it away as I'm sure the price won't stay this low.  PLUS, I'll get another one in a different color!!  You can never have too many guitars..  I am going to an a pickguard to this one.  The finish on it is outstanding and I'd like to keep it that way.If I were thinking of learning to play the guitar, this one is a no-brainer....BUY IT!!!If you're an established player looking for a really nice practice guitar, I'd buy this one is a heartbeat.  I was shocked at how sweet it sounds, how good it looks, how comfortable and light it is and how well it plays.  Sure it was way out of tune and required a few height adjustments but now it is FANTASTIC.New rule for me, no writing reviews until I own the product for at least one week!!!!!