Notice in the name guitar INPUT. This is not to be confused with the Amplitube iRig which achieves input and output through the iPad/iOS devices headphone jack. Headphone connections can be noisy and have reliable connection problems. They also depend on the built in AD/DA converters in the iPad/iOS device. This Apogee Jam 96k is a professional quality INPUT device that has dedicated A/D analogue to digital converter, but depends on the built in hardware of the iPad/iOS device for playback. On the other hand &#34;Apogee One&#34; has both AD and DA convertors for both input and output.Amplitube iRig from IK Multimedia has a simple stereo headphone in and out jack plug that plugs into your iPad. The built in hardware in the iPad is something that I love for doing something like watching a movie cozying up to the 10 inch screen, but for audio-phile quality you need a dedicated a dedicated pre and AD convertor and that is what this Apogee Jam 96k has. Mind you it has that for audio recording input, but playback is handled via your headphone jack on your iPad. You can of course just use that for monitoring your mix, and then save the file in a digital format internally, and send to a playback device with pristine digital audio quality; e.g. saving as a .Wav file. This makes the Apogee 96k Jam a very usable device to achieve high quality recordings at a very nice price.So here it the continuum. Amplitube iRig for headphone jack input and output quality built into your iPad etc. The Apogee Jam 96k for digital quality conversion on input only with playback being handled by headphone jack on iPad. The Apogee One on the other hand at roughly 3 times the price gives you both AD/DA conversions so it has its own audio output jack plus 2 tracks of recording either 1/4&#34; instrument and/or a balanced external microphone jack. It also comes with a built in condenser mic that is pretty amazing. It also has 48 volt phantom power for using your favorite condenser mic. When you get into the Apogee Duet and Quartet you get more connections, plus the all too important option of MIDI connectivity.