I have used many clip-on guitar tuners. They are a wonderful innovation and certainly easier to use than the older rectangular chromatic tuners that do not attach to the instrument. One of my favorites has become the Planet Waves clip on. I have several of them and use them often on many guitars. Based on this experience, I was anticipating a better experience with this new Mini Headstock Tuner than I wound up getting.It tunes nicely and, so far as my ear is concerned, accurately. Others found it awkward to attach - I did not. It is small and unobtrusive but easy to read. Those are not problems. What is wrong is simply the cheap and fragile the construction of the device.This fragility is conspicuous in both the difficulty in removing the battery cover and, more importantly, in the too-delicate manual clamp used to fasten it onto an instrument.The fundamental issue is that in lieu of the spring clips that we used to attach other versions of the Planet Waves tuners to the guitars, this one has a basic manual expand and contract clamp. This clamp is made out of thin plastic, is difficult to adjust and I expect it to break after only a short time. Consequently, I cannot recommend this tuner if the user needs to be moving it from one instrument to the other.If the need is for a tuner that attaches to ONE instrument and will, essentially, live there, it is nice little tuner which remains functionally invisible to all but the player. If you need to move the tuner from instrument to instrument, you would be well advised to spend a few more dollars and stick with the clip-on versions of Planet Waves tuners.November 28,2011 UPDATEHaving used this tuner for a while now, I have found that it has a good purpose. While this tuned does have mobility issues as I initially noted, I have been surprised (and pleased)to realize that they are wonderful 'permanent' tuners for acoustic guitars! They are so small as to be unobtrusive and nearly invisible. I leave them on my 12-strings and one of the 6's. A non-built-in-built-in tuner at this price cannot be beat. Based on this belated realization, I have raised the product rating to 4-stars.