Compression is possibly one of the most misunderstood pedal (or rack) effects for guitar players, but I can say confidently that the MXR Custom Comp gets it right, and makes it easy.WHAT IT DOES - First, a quick word about compression.  The easiest way to describe compression is that smooths and sustains the level and intensity of your guitar's pure tone.  When you play an uncompressed guitar signal, you can experience annoying volume swells if you strum too aggressively.  On the other side of the problem, you may want to use strummed chords or arpeggiated sequences for a continuous "ringing" effect, but find that the individual notes die out too soon.  A quality compressor pedal takes those extremes and normalizes them.  It also can "sustain" the notes by boosting the levels of individual chords or notes when they would otherwise fade away, depending on the settings.BUILD QUALITY - If there are complaints to be had about the MXR Custom Comp, they aren't related to durability.  MXR pedals, like BOSS pedals, are built with heavy-duty metal, yet the pedal is surprisingly light with the battery removed.  Unlike BOSS pedals, the switch is in the form of a metal button that "clicks" when you press it.  My understanding from veteran MXR users is that the switch is very reliable and long-lasting.  In my case, however, I intend on having the thing on all the time, so this is not a major concern anyway.One gripe with the pedal is the accessibility of the battery and internal "Attack" control.  The pedal has knobs for Output (volume) and Sensitivity (basically, amount of compression).  The "Attack" knob, which is found on some rival compressors, has to do with the degree of "pick attack" sound you want when you first hit the note, and whether the sound comes on aggressiveness or more subtly.  But on the MXR Custom Comp, you need to remove the back plate (4 Phillips screws) and adjust the Attack know with a screwdriver.  You also need to remove the back plate to get to the battery, though I've switched to a power adapter/daisy chain (OneSpot) for my pedals anyway.  So, yes, it's an inconvenience, but with this type of effect, it's not like you would want to adjust the Attack the way you would mess with Tone or Gain on a distortion pedal.  I consider this also to be a non-issue.TONE/SOUND QUALITY - The sound quality of this effect is outstanding.  It is far more "transparent" than other pedals I've tried in terms of retaining the tonal characteristics of my guitar, but leveling everything out for a great "finishing touch".  Whereas I used to think of compression as an "effect" I would turn on for a specific type of tone, I could envision always leaving this effect on with the MXR Custom Comp.  It simply makes my underlying clean tone and other effects more manageable and better sounding.COMPARISON TO OTHER PEDALS - The toughest question to ask about the MXR Custom Comp is whether it is worth the extra money.  The top-end professional compressors (Keeley pedals, rack units, etc.) are usually north of $200, which isn't practical for a casual player.  Boss makes the CS-3 Compression Sustainer, which is the pedal I traded in for the Custom Comp.  The CS-3 is more affordable (about $50 to $75 new) and more customizable, with 4 knobs on the exterior of the pedal, adding "Attack" and "Sustain".  It definitely does the job in terms of adding sustain, and might make sense if you only want to play around with compression from time to time.  But much like with MXR's entry level compressor (The Dyna Comp in the red casing), it simply isn't up to the quality of this pedal.ADVICE - While compression doesn't "color" your guitar tone the way a distortion pedal does, it's arguably as important to your overall tone quality as any other pedal.  If you're interested in compression and want the best option at an affordable price, I recommend the Custom Comp at $100 or less on Amazon, or used on eBay, where I've seen it go for about $70 to $85.  It may not be "necessary" for everyone, but very few people who try it will come away disappointed.  Turn it on, play with the settings for a minute or two, and then leave it on and strum away.