I've been playing with my brother's Lunchbox and when he first plugged in for a jam at his house I thought he was joking. This amp can easily cut through drums, even in the close confines of his practice studio. Granted, I am not a heavy hitter, but we were messing around with come classic rock from the early 60s and this amp at three on the volume knob was plenty loud.The tone is very good, but not exceptional. It's not as clean as a Fender or Jazz Chorus, but it's still better than many of the amps I've listened to. If you want to make this a spectacular tome machine plug aBoss FBM-1 Fender '59 Bassman Pedalinto it.About the quirks. The ambiance knob is no substitute for reverb. It does give a hall-like sound as you increase it, but was designed to simulate an open back amp more than a true effect. The gain controls the input signal to the amp, and according to the manual is more like a soft overdrive. The volume level is solely controlled with the volume knob with the gain knob playing no real role in how loud the amp gets. Finally, the speaker switch on the rear is for turning the internal speaker on and off, not the speaker out circuit for routing the signal to an external cab. That means that you can use ths amp as a head by turning the 6.5 inch internal speaker off, or have it active with a cab as a set of external speakers in addition to the internal one.Plugging phones into the headphone jack will NOT turn off the internal speaker. You need to do that with the speaker switch. Personally I love that feature because you can also use the phones jack as an output to a PA with the amp's internal speaker still active.You definitely need to follow the instruction manual, and especially the advanced user's guide, or you may be initially disappointed. My brother returned the first unit he purchased because there was a pop when it was turned on or off, as well as a slight hum when it was idling. The replacement amp exhibited the same problems. However, if you follow the manuals (plural) you can prevent both problems. I mentioned quirks - the power on and off procedure and positioning the gain knob to the mid level are the keys to smoothing the amp out.Bottom line: this tiny amp packs a punch and has sound characteristics that have to be heard to believe. If you want true reverb you will need to plug in a pedal (check out theBoss FRV-1 63 Fender Reverb Pedalif you haven't already), but for small venues and practice rooms the ambiance feature is probably all you need. Do take the time to read the documentation before you start using it because when this amp is properly used it's simply amazing.