This is a great package for beginners. I never played a ukelele before but I learned to play guitar many years ago.  I have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so I downloaded an app called "Easy Ukelele" available in Amazon and Google Playstore for free.  That is the only ukelele tuner I can recommend for beginners as it actually listens to your Ukelele and tells you when your device is in tune. I purchase this as gift to my son's 5th birthday that is coming up in 2 weeks so I have not yet preview the DVD and CD that came with it. I did however, checked and played with the ukelele while my son is at school, sleeping or playing outside to make sure that it is properly working when he open the box on his birthday and before the return period runs out.My Review:1. The Package: The box comes with the Ukelele, Beginners Manual, DVD, CD, carry pack, and 2 extra set of Ukelele strings. Tuner is not included so I advise that you either buy a tuner or download the "Easy Ukelele" app I mentioned above.2. The Ukelele:  The Ukelele looks and feels decent. It has a sticker that says made in china. It comes pre-strung but it is out of tune.  I tuned it using the app I downloaded but it would not hold a tune. It is very bad that the sting gets out of tune before you even finish tuning all the other strings.  Basically, the ukelele sounded like an out of tuned toy when you first take it out of the box and even after a few adjustments.  Since the string is nylon, I gave it a chance to settle. I would tune it really sharp and leave it alone for at least 10 minutes or more then pick it up and strum on it and push the string from side to side.  I actually position the tuner pegs horizontally so I can see if it is moving when the string gets more tension. The tuner pegs stays in place so I know that the problem is with the string.  It could be that the string included is a cheap one.  After doing this a few time on day 1, I was able to play my first song I grabbed from the book (Clementine).  But after 1 song, you have to tune it again.  I just repeat what I did for the next 2 days, tuning it sharp and leaving it alone and play songs. Yesterday morning I tuned it sharp before leaving to work and when I came back in the afternoon, I checked the strings and they are still tuned to the same key I left them in the morning. I played with it for at least 10 minutes just trying to learn the music from the book and I was able to play at least 4 songs without any problem.  This morning, I checked the note again and they stay close to the G-C-E-A range. I could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more. Even if I have to tune it every day  I would not have any problem with it.So, for the reviews complaining about the device being out of tuned, just give the string a try to settle. This are cheap string that they included here and it will take time to settle in. Or you can buy a better quality string that costs around $9.00 for a set.  Another place you can check is the tuner, make sure that it does not get pulled back when the strings tension. If it would not hold its place then just grab a philips screw driver and tighten it a little.  That is an easy fix.2. The String: As I mentioned above, it is a cheap string that needs a lot of adjusting until it settles. Even if you buy a  good quality strings, I am sure that it will also need a few adjustment in the beginning. It comes with 2 extra set in case you accidentally snap the one that is already installed. The problem is that the extra set does not have a label so you have to eyeball it.  From some research I found online they said that the Thinnest string will be the A string. The second thinnest is the E string, The thickest is the C string and the second thickest is the G string. The extra string package says "Gangia Brand" on it so I assumed that that is the brand of the string.3. The Book: I just scanned the book and I could tell that it is written well for beginners. The songs included progress from only needing 2 chords in the beginning and they add more chords on the succeeding lessons. Each song have a chart on which chord you will use.4. The Case:  The case will protect your ukelele from dust, water and from getting dirty while you are transporting it but will definitely protect the device from being damage in case of a drop.5. The DVD's and CD's: I have not tried the DVD and CD's yet but the DVD's I believe will have the lesson and the CD will have the songs on the books so you can listen to it and have an idea on how to play the songs on the book. I will come back and edit this item once I get the chance to watch the DVD and listen to the CD.Overall. This is a great price for the package.