I held out from trying the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive for many years.  Like many guitarists, my first distortion pedal was a Boss DS-1, which was durable and aggressive, but also extremely frustrating.  I might have formed some negative impressions about Boss, when it was probably unfair to do so.The SD-1 is widely owned and very affordable (usually around $50).  It's similar in a lot of ways to the Ibanez TS-9 Tubescreamer, except that a Tubescreamer reissue costs twice as much.  A lot of guitarists consider the SD-1 to be more of a "rock" overdrive, while the TS-9 is more of a "tube/blues" effect.  There's probably some truth to that, but both of them are excellent pedals.However, the SD-1 really impressed me with its transparency and versatility.  You CAN simply plug into it and use it alone with a clean channel.  But that isn't necessarily the best use for the pedal - it excels as a "booster" pushing an already overdrive amp, or stacking with other distortion/OD pedals.  One of the best settings is turning the Level all the way up and the gain all the way down.  This adds just a little bit of grit to your tone, and really sounds great.A feel that lot of people give the SD-1 mediocre reviews for reasons that aren't fair.  You hear things like "it cuts out too much bass", when that's really what the pedal is supposed to do.  The midrange hump, when set up properly, can take away the muddiness of your tone and help you cut through a band during live playing.  And, like I said before, I feel as if it's MORE transparent in retaining elements of the clean tone than the TS-9, though preference between the two is entirely subjective.But you also know that it's a Boss pedal, which means it's as durable as they come.  The thing will stand up to years of abuse, and can be used in any number of roles.  If you're looking for a single pedal to make a small amp sound "big", there are probably better options in this range.  (Try the under-appreciated MD-2 Mega Distortion, or the excellent Joyo Ultimate Drive).  But if you understand what this pedal is supposed to do and use it for that purpose, you'll understand why this thing has been popular for over 30 years.