Recently I was looking for some heads to put on a set of Starion shells that I modified. My original plan was to use a set of Attack heads on both the resonant and the batter side of these shells. That decision was based mostly on price. Not completely though as I have used the Attack heads for resonant heads with very good results. The Attack heads that I bought though are single ply. To me that make them great candidates for resonant heads but I think a two ply head is better for a batter head. I gave the Attacks a shot on both sides but I wasn't completely happy with the sound and felt a two ply head would just be the better way to go.In the past I have used Remo heads for batter heads almost exclusively. I still very much like the Remo Pinstripe heads but decided to give these Evans heads a try just to try something different. I am very happy I did! These Starion shells now have a very nice sound with lots of resonance. The most noticeable difference between these G2's and the Attacks is that the tuning range seems to be much wider. The Attacks had a very narrow tonal range where they resonated. The G2's seem to resonate everywhere! From very loose to moderately tight they have very nice sound and resonance. I have some Moon Gel damping pads installed to cut down on some of the resonance but doing it this way instead of choking the drum offers a much better sound. By adding, removing, or moving the Moon Gel pads around I can control exactly how much resonance the drums have without having to change the heads tune.I should mention that I am still using the single ply Attacks for the resonant side. With the G2's on top and the Attacks on the bottom these shells sound great! Also, on the bass drum I have Attack no ring heads on both sides. I also have a pillow in there for damping and this bass drum sounds just amazing! So, the Attacks have their place but on the batter side I am very impressed with the sound, tuning range, and ease of tuning of these G2's. If you've never tried them, give them a shot, if you have you likely already know what I'm talking about!