I purchased this amp locally and initially, I thought it was pretty cool as it was my first modeling amp; lots of potential for a limitless variety of sounds. This was my first Fender amp as well.The presets were neat and all, but when I played around with some of the "standard" models (just the amp model, no effects) just to see how it's clean sound was, the amp just hissed as if I had the volume cranked with a distortion pedal engaged at max. The master volume was at 2 and no effects were turned on... I've never heard a clean channel with so much noise behind it, even when there was no guitar plugged in... All I could hear while playing was the underlying hiss coming through the notes; very distracting and it drove me nuts! This isn't a ground loop issue (my other amps sound just fine at bedroom volumes and beyond), it's clearly a defect with this product. Dirty pre-sets with lots of gain and extra volume sound even worse, again, even when nothing is plugged in and at low master volume. You'd think I was running a few super high gain stomp boxes with a red hot single coil, but NOTHING was plugged in and all I get is staticy-hiss at LOW LEVELS. WTF?The next issue is the weird "fizz" sound, that was especially noticeable on the low e. After striking a string, instead of a clean note, there's a weird fizzy digital artifact like sound that "surrounds" the note, and fades as the string stops moving. It almost sounds like cymbals crashing on a poorly authored MP3 file at a low bit rate and frequency. Whole chords break down and decay in this fizzy envelope and really makes this thing unplayable.The weird thing is, neither one of these problems arose with head phones plugged in, or when this was connected to my computed via either USB or the line in... but I'm not going to be stuck playing a 100 watt amp through my PC or cans. I got the III instead of the II because of the power behind it and the touted 12" Celestion speaker.Read the many reviews online or forum posts on many of the guitar/amp related websites (there's a 65 page forum post on the Fender support site that is quite interesting) and you'll find that these amps are having issues. Apparently, the Mustang I and II don't have these issues, and the firmware update did NOTHING to correct my amp. Is this a hardware issue, software issue, speaker issue? There is speculation that the LCD screen (which is not present on the I or II) may be causing problems, but no one seems to know for sure and Fender doesn't seem to care...Definitely try this before you buy it. You may get an amp that doesn't have these problems, you may not notice the sounds or you may not even care; let your ears tell you what sounds good.This amp has a lot of potential for great sounds, and it would have been nice to have faithful modeling of some great vintage amps, but in my opinion, technical issues have made this amp sound like complete garbage. I am disappointed that Fender hasn't yet correct what ever is wrong (some folks claim that Fender reps say that know what is wrong, but I'm not taking that as a fact...), but they have acknowledged that there is "something" wrong.Whatever... I took this back after a few days of playing with it, trying to eliminate the junk sounds without success( the built-in noise gate helps a little, but sucks tone) and I picked up a 100 watt Marshall instead. Guess what? The clean channel has ZERO hum or buzz, even when cranked. How about that? Even when I engage a dirt box on one of the dirty channels, there is minimal noise.I'll knock Fender for NOT correcting this issue regardless of what it is and what caused it, but they do have some other nice amps that I'd like to try. But before I buy another Fender amp, I'll take it for a test drive and I suggest you do the same before picking up one of these turds.