For the price, this is an amazing pedal. The sound from a $40 pedal is outstanding, much better than I ever expected.The Voodoo is a fuzz pedal, meant to give a sort of Jimi Hendrix sound. This pedal creates fuzz and can raise a note an octave. Alone it does a decent job of transforming my guitar into something like Hendrix. I was able to hold a note for two minutes with this box, the sustain is big. All was not completely perfect, it might be me and the way I'm adjusting this, but I had a bit of trouble with feedback.From a sound standpoint, this is a great value and does a good job of fuzzing up my sound. Combined with Joyo's California, Hendrix is almost in the house. (Joyo JF-15 Guitar Effect Pedal California Sound True Bypass)I have a Boss ME-70 multi-effect pedal. This Joyo single effect pedal blows away my Boss pedal, I'm almost sad to say that. I don't have experience with other single effect pedals, so I can't make a comparison to those more costly pedals.I have a Marshall Amp and cabinet with 4 x 12 inch speakers. My guitar is a Gibson Les Paul 2008 Standard Plus.From a construction standpoint, these are remarkable for the price point. The whole thing has a good weight. The base has a dense skid resistant foam rubber on it. The box is a solid cast metal box, with a very heavy metal base. The bypass and octave up switches are solid and bolted tightly to the box. The 1/4 inch input and output jacks are really sweet - there is a metal insert that screws into the plastic internal jack. It looks to me like it would be very hard to break this jack - that outer ring is heavy duty. The pots look really good. For this pedal, they went with press on knobs. If the knob ever breaks, they are a very easy replacement at Radio Shack. The only weak point is the somewhat thin Mid Cut toggle switch. Given that it is between three knobs, I think it would be hard to break this switch - but it is a little lighter weight than I would like.The pedal comes with a 9 Volt battery. It also has a standard 9V power jack on the side, to use an AC adapter or large rechargeable battery pack.This is not a high end pedal, at this price point, nobody should ever expect that. But darn it, this is one amazingly nice pedal when I consider price. Well worth the investment.The GateShop provided me with a sample of this pedal for review.