really you hate warm, sustaining, natural-tube overdrive; you won't like it at all. This is my favorite OD pedal that I have. I have compared it to the Vox ValveTone OD, the OD side of a EHX Germanium4 BMP, a EHX Linear Power Boost(my second favorite), an Ibanez TS5(90s model) and a Boss Fender Bassman FBM-1. They all have their uses but I find the MojoMojo to be the most versatile, warm and punchy OD I have. I pretty much use it as my base tone to push a lightly crunchy tube amp into overdrive. This thing really wants to sing to you. There are so many things going on in the mid to upper registers. That's not to say it doesn't have some serious punchiness on the low end, which it does; so much that there is a voice switch that will cut the bass a little to keep it from getting too flubby on the neck pickups. I pretty much leave that on all the time with humbuckers. Single coils really benefit from the round lows this pedal dishes out and I am guessing that's why there is the voice switch.The knobs/pots are nice and the bass/treble pots are notched at 12. Turning to the left cuts and to the right boosts. The drive goes from really clean and subtle, like a  mild boost, up to super drive territory. I actually prefer the sound of this pedal to a Fulltone OCD, it just sounds a little more livelier to me. I really like to push this pedal into the Fender Bassman pedal and get some seriously chimey bell-like highs with a medium crunch by setting it to a mild boost level and upping the gain on the FBM-1, as a third channel of sorts, and it sounds like a totally different amp stack.Like I said, this has become the base of my tone now in just the short amount of time I have had it. I was using the EHX Linear Boost to perform these duties before, and it performs well, but the soulful tone I get from the MojoMojo just adds the extra dimensionality that the pure boost doesn't. I play mostly original compositions but I am going for the Jeff Beck tone and this helps me get where I want to go.Of course none of this means I will stop buying OD pedals... |o)