I got one of these here on Amazon as a replacement for my other small practice amp, an older Fender 25 watt blackface two-channel that didn't have integrated EFX (that one has been more or less permanantly allocated to my church).Great little amp. Only had it for a couple days, but the sounds you can evoke out of this thing are amazing. Clean tones are pristine. Distortion tones, a bit on the transistory side, but again, I haven't played with the setting enough (or even tried all the emulations). Controls are straightforward and easy to operate without glasses on. It is a bit lacking in low-end, to be expected from a small 8" speaker. But that is okay for practice and rehearsal. It is loud enough for rehearsal with a drummer (depending on the style of music). I did purchase the single button footswitch as well and it works great at switching between any TWO settings you define.Have not had a chance to mess with the included software, but intend to do that when I have time. I like the fact that I can tweak the amp to my EXACT preferences and it stays in memory; I only really have to do it once. Great feature.Only suggestions to Fender would be to add a recessed area in the back to stow the power cord (standard computer type) and optionally, the included USB cable.Overall, for the price, it is an incredible value. Great alternative to lugging my full rig (Marshall 2X12 cab, racked Rocktron Pirhanna, ADA 100 watt tube head, Alesis Midiverb IV and some other stuff). Get yours while you can at this price.UPDATE -- The Fender software that you can download and use with this amp is freaking amazing. I now have it more or less permanently attached to my computer via USB and am constantly tweaking and refining my tones. The Princeton amp emulation is SWEET. I am going to buy a second one, probably the larger Mustang III, cause I want the larger Celestion speaker. You know, pretty much every Fender product I have ever purchased has been first rate, and this amp is no exception. And I don't care if it is made in Mexico (my guitar is a differnt matter though...)