I've been using Nanoweb and Polyweb (no idea what the difference is) Elixirs consistently for years now on my Martin Jumbo Cutaway.I periodically try out other brands whenever I see something that might compete, especially when another "extended life" or "coated" string is released. I would happily bail on Elixir at $13 a set if someone offered a cheaper option that worked as well. In fact, I was quite optimistic about the $9 D'Addario EXPs until I heard their tone begin to evaporate after a few days like any other string. Nothing that I've used up to this point has gotten close to challenging the quality of the mighty purple box.The sound you get from these on Day 1 is crisp and beautiful as expected. That's not where Elixirs kill the competition though. It's after 20 hours of play that they show their strength. You will still hear fresh, bright tones from them when any other set would have already crossed into the dead zone. In fact, I typically start breaking them before they begin to sound too dull. I play relatively aggressively and use palm-muting constantly, allowing skin oils to eat right through the strings at the bridge.Saying that the tone lasts 3.5x longer (as stated on the box) might be a stretch but there is no question that you get at least double the life out of these at less than twice the cost of alternatives.If you are an occasional player or a music shop owner, these are a no-brainer. The coating is extremely effective at combating the effects of time and oxygen exposure. For the everyday, aggressive player you will simply get better tone and longer life.One nit-picky point of criticism: the packaging is an issue for me. WHY would any manufacturer still utilize tree-killing paper envelopes that allow strings to get stale? I'm seriously asking! I've got to be missing something here. A shred of plastic sealed around all 6 strings is greener, more cost-efficient, and it keeps the strings fresh (thank YOU D'Addario, I'll never leave your electric strings). I would happily buy Elixirs in bulk if I had faith in their shelf-life. Complaints about these snapping prematurely are probably valid, happening when someone gets a set that's been sitting around for a while. Think of them as a perishable and buy them from places that move a lot of units (like Amazon :)