My pegs have been giving me difficulty for a while, and have been temperamental and subject to slipping for as long as I can remember. I'd guess they have about 100 years of wear on them.I used to be able to deal with it. Violin teachers and techs I knew never suggested that the pegs were a problem. More recently, I tried adding fine tuners on G D and A to make it easier to tune, but the resultant shortening of the strings affected the sound too much. I figured I'd give the drops a try.  The change was immediate. I was able to work with the pegs more easily, and slippage went away immediately. I decided to give it 24 hours before changing strings. When I did, I also removed three fine tuners and still had the control I needed.After changing one string, things worked well, but then I had the peg slip suddenly. I figured I'd try retuning and that perhaps it was my fault, but it ended up slipping loose again. I tried reapplying peg drops, and that seemed to fix the problem. After that, I had no more slippage, but I now have one peg that is binding.The instructions are clear but minimal and open ended. I don't expect them to tell exactly how often to use the drops but they could have given a bit more info on what to expect, what symptoms indicate, and so forth. I tried contacting the manufacturer with a few brief questions, but never heard back.Suffice to say the drops made an incredible difference, but did not provide me with a foolproof instant cure. I'd definitely recommend them, but I hope to get some comments from users with more experience so I can have a better idea what makes people know it's time to reapply and what they experience when they do it.The advantage of good peg control is that you can get high quality gut or synthetic (not metal core) strings and be able to tune them precisely without tonal problems being introduced by fine tuners.  The effort I had without the drops made me avoid playing and I was using a Yamaha SV-120 most of the time. That can be fun, but I didn't realize how much I missed the richness of an old acoustic violin that stayed in tune.