Acoustic guitar amps have more in common with stereo systems than traditional electric guitar amps: neutral full-range sound (rather than crunch & distortion), high power ratings for clean tone, full range speaker system with woofer and tweeter and sensitive preamp inputs optimized for the low output of piezo pickups. Unfortunately for me, acoustic amps tend to be optimized for steel-strings and rarely get classical guitar tone right, even with dial diddling. As a dedicated nylon-string player, I'm always looking for the holy grail of amps. Is the Mini sent from heaven?PIEZO TONE: I jacked in my Takamine LTD2012 Classical and Hirade TH8SS (classicals with Cool Tubes preamps) and with tone controls set flat and had my ears pinned back with shockingly powerful output. The master volume was barely cracked but this little guy is loud and muscular. Unfortunately, that big sound wasn't natural and sounded closer to an electric guitar than a classical: big bass, bright lower trebles, weak mids, quacky tone and compressed. Obviously, under-saddle piezo pickups are no studio mic but it should sound better than this. So I diddled the controls and it improved a bit but I couldn't dial in a pleasing tone. The best timbre with my Hirades was bass-11:00, mid-3:00 and treble-9:00 (clock face orientation).Some acoustic guitar amps allow the tweeter to be disabled and I suspect the Mini's overly bright tone would benefit from cutting that little guy from the circuit. As a point of comparison, Cool Tube piezo pickup tone from my 21 year old Trace Elliot TA50R is much more natural, complex and sustained. Cool Tube piezo tone from my SHEN-CPK-8T is drop-dead gorgeous. Perhaps these other amps have additional processing to naturalize and de-piezo the tone? They cost more than the Mini so they gotta earn their keep somehow.I plugged in my mid-1990s Trace Acoustic TAP-1 preamp into the Mini and was able to dial in better tone, albeit still not as good as my ancient TA50R. I also tested my Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. and it rendered more natural classical tone. So you can get decent classical guitar tone if you're willing to carry another box to your gig.REVERB: The single program digital reverb makes amp timbre brighter and harsher sounding, even when mixed in sparingly. Wish this amp had an effects loop as any budget half rack unit will sound better.MIC TONE: I don't normally use a mic for casual gigs but this is feature is handy when you need to mic a friend or blend in a small internal mic for extra ambience. The Mini lacks phantom power so I installed a battery in my Shure 849 condenser mic, set tone controls flat and was greeted with surprisingly natural mic tone. I also tried my ancient Shure SM57 dynamic mic with similar good results, albeit that mic needed a little treble cut. As a point of comparison, the Mini whips my TA50R good in terms of mic output and tone.APPEARANCE & BUILD: The Loudbox looks more attractive than the pictures. And it is much lighter and slightly smaller than my TA50R. If you drag it to gigs you'll find the exterior delicate: the vinyl material and underlying wood are easily damaged by gentle pressure from straps and carts. It's the most delicate amp I've owned.FINAL BLURB: My feelings about this amp are mixed. For value and use as a wee PA it's a 5 star deal. For under saddle pickup classical guitar amplification it works but is far from natural: compressed dynamics, bright lower highs (even at full treble cut) and the dreaded piezo quack. So 2 stars for classical guitar reproduction. The Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. or similar acoustic guitar processor does significantly improve tone, but that's another 2 or 3 bills. Unfortunately, straight out of the cardboard, the Loudbox is not ready for for primetime nylon string reproduction. I suspected the Mini was optimized for steel-string guitar tone, so I borrowed a friend's Takamine EF341S and I was right: steel-string reproduction is significantly better than nylon-string. All in all, the Mini packs a lot of punch for 3 bills and just may be the best buck to tone ratio deal for a novice coffee house artist.