Well over the past 4 years I've been running through a bunch of these mini, micro, battery powered, small tubed, and solid state, model budget amplifiers.Lets see, done all the Blackheart small amps, the Vox mini-3 & AC4TV, Roland MICRO-CUBE, plus a few other small amps. I just sold my Fender Super Champ XD and wasn't going to get another amp because playing in my apartment with neighbors, I just cannot jam the way I'd like to...I really liked all the above named amps but they really didn't give me the options of cranking it without disturbing my neighbors. Loved the Fender Super Champ probably the best, but there wasn't a headphone jack. Same with the Blackhearts and the Vox AC4TV and the potential of these amps just couldn't be used by me. So I settled on the Vox Mini-3 (4watt), because it has a headphone jack, is also A/C or battery powered, among a lot of other great features and sounds.. but I did have to give up tube amp option...So as I said I sold my Super Champ like a week ago and as I was mailing it out using the Amazon online mailing appz when I saw a picture and price (in the browser) on this new Fender Mustang I and I figured... what the hell. Lets see what its got to offer for under $100. I mean everyone was giving it a 5-star rating, so whats a $100 bucks, even though I've never had a good sounding solid state amp.Well I must say this thing rocks! There are like 3 phases of model amps, most I didn't like at first but was able to fine tune most of em to sound pretty great. I mean its only a $100 amp so it cannot be compared to the real deals, but it does stand up pretty nice. Plus it has the headphone jack (and a couple other plugins and effects) and this thing will blow your ears out. Most amplifier headphone jacks.. tap out and never got loud enough for me, but this thing screams and blow-out your ears. I've had it now like 3 days and was thinking about sending it back, but for $100, there's nothing in the market that can compare or compete with its, SOUND, low pricing, and options... So I'm now glad that I sold my Fender Super Champ XD and bought this one and put the other $150 back in my pocket... ya!This is the best solid state amp I've ever owned and I still miss the tube option.. But I'm sure something better will appear next year and until, then... well a person just cannot go wrong by buying this Fender AMP!