* SHIPPING.  The Epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a HUGE box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  That huge box is then inside yet ANOTHER huge box.  Honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact Tony Stark.  It would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  EXCELLENT job.  5 stars on that alone.* SIZE. Overall length 24".  Fretboard 10".  Nut to bridge 15".  So good overall medium-size.  I like that it's a bit larger than a 20-21" soprano uke.  It is "concert" size (which I greatly prefer over soprano.  Frankly, I'd like to see a baritone version).  The 24" length is an excellent size for both adult and youth / child fingers.* QUALITY.  From stern to port, this instrument shines.  Beautifully lacquered flawless finish, protective edging, plastic finger-guard (which itself was guarded in adhesive plastic), solid neck screw-joined to heavy-wood body.  The whole unit is heavy-wood and very durable.  Nevertheless the sound is quite good.  The tuners are acceptable quality (nothing amazing, but they work well).  The frets are actual metal and not molded into the fingerboard like cheap ukes.  The amp-jack is chrome-metal back-plated to the body; it's NOT coming loose.  Strap holders are already mounted, saving users the hassle.  And of course, the impressive EPIPHONE and LES PAUL signature stamps on the head for sheer class.* SOUND.  I found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (I expected it to sound dull.  It doesn't.)  But I still bought a set of d'Addario strings (a brand I've loved for years) and according to other reviews here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.* ACTION. I've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. The action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  One will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  I'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players I know), so this will be tweaked.* DURABILITY.  It's very durable.  That counts for the gig bag too.  No cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  As others mentioned I'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  A good instrument is worth protecting.  But I'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that I'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  That would be goofy.* WEIRD SUGGESTION:  Hang on to the box it comes in.  It makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. It's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  Great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. Seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  Protects well.  : )* ELECTRONICS.  The sound is clear. Sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  They could have done better on that end.  But wow, at this price how can one gripe?Two solutions to this:1) Open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  That's the tricky way.2) Put a preamp on this. You can buy one here on Amazon for about 15 bucks. If you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  Even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.Aside from the passive electronics... this is a PRIME instrument.  It is a mid-size uke so you can choose to string it either as a soprano (if you're careful and don't tune it too quickly) or a baritone (guitar 4th - 1st string, E-high), depending on the strings you choose.Considering what you get for the price... I don't think this can be beat.  Unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this very difficult to play... something I didn't consider when ordering a uke.  But that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  The product itself is excellent.