Apple threw a curve at me when, with the new "thin" iMac, the company eliminated not only the Superdrive but the 3.5mm "Audio In" port that had been highly useful on previous models, especially for recording computer sounds with a single patch cord.  After trying a Griffin and Logitech device, I finally found a useful workaround with the Behringer UFO202 interface (there are 2 other very similar models by Behringer--the UCA202 and the UCA222). What sets these interfaces apart from the 302USB is a smaller footprint and a permanently-attached, "dedicated" USB cord.  Simply by plugging the USB cord into the USB port on my iMac I was able to record all of the broadcasts, tapes and LPs just as I had done with my old iMac (though monitoring required more cords in back--ugh!).For a committed neophyte like me, the UFO202 was probably sufficient.  I miss the permanently attached USB "out" cable and, moreover, am questioning whether I'll ever use the mixing capabilities of the 302USB, which to my eyes has a bit of a "learning curve."  The problem for the impatient beginner begins with the instruction manual.  Instead of separate sections, the manual uses small, thin font and mixes English with Spanish instructions--a minor but unnecessary inconvenience. (But give Behringer credit for providing a manual!)I thought I was investing in more versatility (for a modest price increase) than what the Behringer UFO/UCA line of interfaces offered me.  But a friend tells me that GarageBand has the capability of recording sound-on-sound.  My present programs (Sound Studio and Toast) can't do it, but if GB can layer 2 or more sound sources, then the question becomes whether an external mixer does it better.  If not, the Behringer UFO202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new iMac's desk space (Apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company "thin screen" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner).Behringer has presented the best solution I've been able to find to Apple's surprising (and dubious) omissions with the latest iMac.  If your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302USB is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks.  But if you have a UFO or UCA interface, your needs may already be covered.