As thrilled as I have been with the Chinese-made Joyo overdrive and distortion pedals I've tried out in the recent past, I felt like the JF-10 Dyna Compressor was somewhat of a risk.  I had been using the very excellent MXR Custom Comp already, but was frustrated with its lack of external controls and versatility.  Also, it's one thing thing for Joyo to "clone" the circuitry of a distortion pedal, but could they do it accurately with an "always on" effect like compression?Well, Joyo has absolutely done it, and they've done it well enough that I'm selling my MXR.  Compressors are hard to explain, and even harder to demonstrate on a YouTube video, so let me offer my explanation of what this pedal does, and why you should give it a try for only around $40.The primary effect of compression is to "level" or normalize the output across frequencies.  Particularly with a clean signal, aggressive playing can lead to annoying volume swells.  Also, certain notes sustain, while others seem to die out too early.  Compression "smooths" over these problems and levels everything to a polished, presentable sound.The secondary effect of compression is that the pedal can sustain single notes and chords by increasing their level after they would normally die out.  In this area, the Joyo JF-10 is superior to many other compressors because it gives you "Attack" and "Sustain" knobs.  "Attack" refers to how soon the compression effect kicks after the note is struck.  Turning the knob up produces a "chicken picking" effect where the note is very clear and pronounced.  Adjusting the "Sustain" knob, obviously, increases the length of time that the note or chord continues to play at volume.  Like most compressors, there is also a "Level" control to change the volume of the compressed sound.Of the compressors you can actually find under $100 (such as the MXR Dyna Comp and BOSS CS-3 Compression Sustainer), I like this one the best.  The MXR models have a good clarity of tone, but with only two knobs, the lack of customization is a problem.  You may want high sustain or attack for playing U2-type guitar parts, but might find excess sustain too "messy" for punchy AC/DC riffs.  The Joyo allows you to make this change easily.The BOSS CS-3 is a good pedal that has controls for attack, sustain, and also tone, but the pedal produces a lot of noise, and the resulting tone sounds too digitized.  Also, a "tone" knob on a compression pedal strikes me as an admission that the pedal is CHANGING your tone, which good compression really shouldn't do.  The Joyo Dyna Compressor sounds like MY guitar and amp, it just puts some polish on the final product, and allows me to add sustain and "punch" if I see fit.  Great pedal, and amazing value!