My review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.After all of that I finally realized I was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.The thing happening with this amp I think is a few things. Fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and I don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, I wanted ANYTHING but a strat body, unless I have a grand to pay for an older one, I'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and I would only get one after I got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID!And I am so glad I did. I almost got a peavey vypyr, and I am glad I didn't. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like "what music snobs" and what have you. But I realized that I'm a music snob! I love the music I listen to more than anything, and feel like the music I create should have a life to it as well. So I returned the mustang 2 and ALMOST got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause I wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but THANKFULLY I caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final.The decision I did make I think will be great for me, as I'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects I need. I kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "I was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! No matter what tweaking I was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.I think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and I've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but I needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.I think if I played this at a GC I wouldn't of gotten it, and I just tried to make myself like it.