If you understand what this is for, I think it's a great idea. Maybe not a perfect tool but I believe it does what it is supposed to and does it well.Keeping in mind, I'm a guitar player who just bought a drum kit... My assumptions when using this are that drum tuning is &#34;relative&#34; meaning that 99% of drum pitch is established by ear, based on what you want each drum to sound like, unlike a stringed instrument which is tuned against an absolute reference frequency and each string has a distinct relation to the others.The concept with this torque key is that it assists you with applying equal tension on each of the tension rods therefore presumably having an equal tune all the way around the circumference of the head. It by no means will help you establish as specific pitch on any drum; it simply helps you achieve an even tension and &#8220;relative&#8221; pitch all around the head. The tension numbers on the torque key are for reference only, 2 is tighter than 1, 3 is tighter than 2... and so on. Yet these numbers are only relevant to each head; I find that you don't necessarily pick a number such as 2 and tune all the drums to that.The way I use this, right or wrong, is that I tune an approximate tune on any given head using the traditional method of tapping around the perimeter and tightening apposing rods as necessary until the pitch is the same all the way around and at an audible frequency that I like for the drum I&#8217;m tuning. Now theoretically you&#8217;re pretty well tuned anyway but this is when I grab my torque key and I set it to a number a bit lower than were I expect the torque is (this only comes from experience of using it a few times) then I check a tension rod and I increase the setting on the torque key until it no longer &#34;breaks over&#34;. Now, whatever number I'm on is the reference number for that drum. My process from here is to move around the head in the same crisscross pattern as you would tuning traditionally but I loosen each rod a bit first and then bring it back up to torque with the torque key. After this process, my drum head should both be at a pitch that I have chosen by ear and have equal pitch all around the drum head.I believe it is a common practice to use a slightly different tension on the bottom side head ether a little tighter or looser than the top side (typically a little lower pitch on the bottom?). Once you&#8217;ve tuned the top head, and you know what number you&#8217;ve used you can quickly tune the bottom by reducing or increasing a click or two on your torque key.Sure there are a few other variable that can come in to play like, did you seat the head adequately when installing it which in essence means did you apply some light pressure to the center of the head while drawing down the tension rods in small equal amounts in a crisscross pattern. Also, how are the rims of your shells, are they well machined and smooth? These may impact the ability for a torque based tune to work. How about your tension rods, are the threads clean, are they lubricated? Any variability in resistance of the threads on your torque rods will directly translate to pitch in that location. Again, I'm just a rookie and I may be off with some of these assumptions or they may have an essentially unmeasurable impact so take it for what it's worth.Once you find a tuning you like, you could write down what number it took to achieve the pitch you like on each head, that would make it easy to quickly get back to the same pitch if/when your drums need to be tuned again.