I already own aMighty Bright LED Book Light with one lighting head, but I bought this light as a semi-permanent fixture on myDocument/Book Holder, which is mounted on anarticulating arm(took a little DIY'ing).This music light has one drawback; it doesn't have a master switch. To turn on both lights, you would have to independently turn on the switch atop each light head (two switch presses). To turn off both lights, you would have to independently double-click each light head (four switch presses) -- the first press brings the light to a lower level and the second press turns it off (each light head has two light levels: bright and medium-bright -- for a total 4 illumination combinations).I use this light for music sheets, documents, and books. The &#34;mighty bright&#34; label is no misnomer to be sure; these lights ARE mighty bright. They provide more than enough illumination to make even smaller texts readable in low ambient light conditions. Each light head provides very even illumination for a letter size sheet (the light starts to get dimmer just beyond the fringes of the sheet), so two light heads will provide sufficient illumination for a good-sized area. It will simultaneously illuminate the verso and recto of even the largest books. The flexible goose necks of the music light allows you to easily position the lights to reduce glare (which is inevitable on glossy or semi-glossy pages).This music light is a mighty sweet deal because:(1) it comes with anAC Adapter(which doesn't come with the book light with a single lighting head and has to be purchased separately). The adapter works on both this music light and the book light with a single lighting head.(2) contrary to the product description, this music light DOES come with 3 AAA batteries (at least mine did).Important Note: If you switch from using batteries to using the AC Adapter, the 3 AAA batteries will first have to be removed from the battery housing or the light(s) won't power on.I picked this music light over theMighty Bright Orchestra Lightbecause:(1) I've had my single head book light for many years and I trust this book light to offer the same durability (both lights are indistinguishable save for the single/dual light heads)(2) two goose necks offer more lighting flexibility(3) this music light is about half the price of the orchestra light.---The Bottom Line: The lack of a master switch on this music light makes turning on/off the lights somewhat of a hassle (an unfortunate but tolerable drawback). All the same, this music light is very functional, and as far as durability is concerned, I'm quite confident that it will last me for many years to come (it has the same build quality as my Mighty Bright single-head book light, which I've had for many years). Recommended!