I own several tube amp combo and half-stack. However, I wanted a smaller, lighter combo that would be easy to transport and wouldn't need any pedals, but would also be loud enough to practice with a drummer. The line 6 spider IV 75-watt combo was the perfect solution. Up to this point I haven't been very impressed by solid-state technology. Sure, the cleans are glassy and crystal-clear, and some sound ok with the gain cranked and mids scooped at super low volume, but as soon as you turn up the volume a bit or try to dial in a smooth, bluesy overdrive, the sound turns to crap. Not so with the spider IV. I've been extremely impressed with all the different amp models. ALL of them. The different amp models each have their unique sound and characteristics, which means that your tonal options are literally limitless. I play mostly metal and hard rock, thougn I use less gain and more mids than is typical among players of the genre.I'd describe it as a hard rock tone with a vintage edge. And I was able to get that tone in less than a minute of fiddling. The tone in general is surprisingly warm and organic- very tube-like, which is a comparison that I don't make lightly. Additionally, the highs don't have that artificial "tinny" sound that so often occurs in solid-state. Solos and leads have more of the natural, smooth quality that tube amps are valued for.The effects are fun to play with, though I've never used many effects in my playing. I really like having multiple user pre-sets, so I can dial in the tones that I use the most and then switch between them at the press of a button. The artist pre-sets are cool; it's interesting to see Line 6's take on the sound of many popular bands and songs. Some are surprisingly good, like Cliffs of Dover, Master of Puppets, and Sunshine of Your Love, while others don't really sound like the artist, like Killswitch Engage.I'm also impressed with the quality of the celestion speaker that comes with the amp; it holds up pretty well even at higher volumes. The tone has continually improved as I've broken in the speaker.Just in conclusion, there's basically nothing this amp can't do at least fairly well. All the amp models actually sound good (can't say the same about my roland cube), and when you combine that with all the effects, tuner, mp3 connection, and user and song & artist presets, it's a winning combination. This will never be my main stage amp, but for practice purposes I couldn't be more pleased with the spider IV.*edited to add*: A few months later I bought the FBV express pedal board. It's a simple, affordable way to get more out of the amp by making channel switching easy and adding a volume/wah pedal. Especially if this is your main amp, I recommend getting a FBV pedal to go with it.