ORIGINAL POSTING:My first Mini, purchased over a decade ago, was a bad investment. The four neck bolts continually came loose, no amount of tweaking could get the intonation right (Note: adults should probably play the Mini-Strat "tuned- up"...I play mine at F - Bb - Eb - G# - C - F...or, if they have large fingers, they should probably use a capo with standard tuning and heavier strings) so the string tension is similar to their full-sized guitars), the pick-up pole pieces didn't align with the strings, and the finish was uneven. It cost $99 and I figured I got less than what I paid for. It was clearly a toy and I sold it for $25 without regret.Three or four years ago I extensively played a "Hello Kitty" Mini owned by a friend. It cost her $149 and, after I tweaked the intonation and the string height a bit, it was a playable instrument. I figured she pretty much got what she paid for. A decent little 3/4-sized traveler.Recently, after reading that Fender had upped the build quality of their oriental Squier guitars, I again purchased a Mini. I couldn't be more pleased. Right out of the box, everything about the instrument was spot-on. The construction was rock solid, the neck was straight, the strings were correctly positioned, the intonation was exact, and the finish was flawless. It was, in two words, masterfully made. I figure I got at least $249 worth of guitar for $99. How cool is that?The sound of the current Mini is "classic Fender single-coil"...shimmering with bell-like overtones. The pickups are functional, if a bit thin sounding compared to the Seymour Duncans I have on my full-size Strat. The six-in-line enclosed tuners hold the light gauge strings without slipping. The neck is perfectly finished and fast. Because it's a 3/4-sized guitar, the first and second-fret string spacing might be too tight for adult players with large fingers. But for everyone else, including fortunate children, the current Mini is a sweet ride. And at its present "give away" street value, this has to be one of the most fantastic bargains in the musical kingdom! Bravo Fender!June, 2014 UPDATE:The mini has become my preferred, go-to electric. I now have one for jazz with a single Lace Hot Gold in the middle position with a custom pick guard from Chandler Music's Pickguard Heaven (see attached photo) and a very versatile one with a Lace Red, Silver, and Blue pickup set. Why? For the same reason John Lennon once owned a 3/4-sized guitar, I suppose. Obscure chords and finger patterns are easier on the hands because fingers have to span less distance. I believe the slight tonal inaccuracy of the 3/4 scale is offset by increased finger-placement accuracy. Try it and I think you'll like it!