When I purchased this pedal from a local music store I wasn't even looking for a double pedal set, but for a replacement for the pedal that came with my Tama Stagestar kit.  During my quest for a pedal that had the feel I wanted I sat behind a Pacific drum kit that had these pedals. At first I ignored the second bass pedal and played a bit with just the right pedal and hi-hat.  I liked the feel of the right pedal and was about to ask if the store had it in a single pedal configuration when I decided to see what it was like playing double. Wow - it immediately expanded my range and opened up a plethora of possibilities.This pedal is nearly infinitely adjustable, especially cam rotation, spring tension, and beater offset.  Most of the adjustments require a hex wrench, which is fairly standard for most modern single and double pedals. The left side slave pedal has a full floorplate, and the linkage rod that connects the right and left pedals will not bind at any angle I have tried.  There is a slight lag on the left pedal, which is normal for any double pedal configuration, but you'll quickly compensate for that as you get used to a double pedal if you are moving from a single pedal.Before I purchased this particular model I tried out Tama's Iron Cobra, Pearl's Powershifter and a Gilbralter Avenger.  I did not like the stiffness of the Iron Cobra, but did like the Pearl and Gibraltar pedals.  It finally came down to either this or the Gibralter, which was slightly smoother, but significantly more expensive.  I opted for best value without sacrificing performance or quality and am thrilled with this pedal.If you are moving from a single to double pedal configuration I strongly recommend that you give this one a serious look.  More importantly, try out this pedal in a local store and compare it to other double models - selecting a bass pedal is a personal decision with many more factors than price, features and quality.  It has to feel right.  In addition, you will find that you will be using the double bass more than your hi-hat, which means that you will need to compensate.  For that I recommend the Gibraltar hi-hat drop clutch (ASIN B0002F73YY), which will allow you to engage and disengage your hi-hat with ease.  I have my hi-hats set for a slight opening in the normal closed position, but stepping on the hi-hat pedal - using the clutch - puts it in full play position.  Tapping the lever on the clutch closes them again.  This clutch is a perfect companion to a double bass pedal!