I put these on my "campfire acoustic" Black Yamaha F335 and they look stunning. The tone seems slightly brighter, however, I go through strings pretty fast so a lot of the difference I am hearing is admittedly likely a result of going from dead strings to new strings. Since they are replacing plastic pins I am going to skip scientific analysis and give you a subjective "sounds good".These pins are a little thin (small) so they may slide out of the hole easier than the ones they are replacing. If you need to this should be remedied handily by applying a small amount of tape to the pins. This may not be necessary, however, even if they are slightly loose because the pins when used correctly are not a wedge to keep the string in the hole. The string should go all the way through the hole, into the body of the guitar. Insert the string so that you are sure the ball is inside the body at least a few inches, if possible it should be listing toward the neck. Then insert the pin with the slot facing the neck and push it in firmly. Unless you have really thick strings these slots should be ample for this. Then gently pull the string tight making sure that the ball does not grab the end of the pin. Instead it should be up against the body of the guitar and stopped from escaping back up the hole by the pin. The pin itself should not really be holding it in place all on its own. Usually the pins popping out are because the ball is actually hooked onto the end of the pin and is pulling it up out of the hole. If you avoid this you should also avoid the frustrating mishap of having the pin come flying out and poking you in the eye while you're trying to get your guitar in tune (typically ruining a brand new string in the process). If you can get your hand inside the guitar and feel the ball end of the string you should be able to feel how it it sitting against the body (correctly) or hanging on the pin (incorrectly). Also your tone and tuning stability will be improved by making sure you have a proper string installation.These fit my guitar snugly but not tightly, however I do not have problems with them popping out despite the fact that I do a lot of string bending a whole step or more (sometimes using two fingers' strength to bend that far). Overall I am quite pleased with these.