I was looking for an affordable mic enabling me to make announcements from a home computer that would approximate, if not be indistinguishable from, the audio quality of the heavy-duty Shure microphones used at WGTD FM HD.  All the mics that I had previously tried at this price point and lower, including Blue's "Snow" line, sounded overly treblish, with pronounced sibilance (listen to the comparison-contrast provided by the first reviewer in his video demonstration).  By contrast, the Yeti is rich and resonant, and its sensitivity permits using it without benefit of a pop filter.  Short of spending 4-5 times more, I'm convinced this is the best option in my particular case.At the same time, as a musician without a home studio I seriously doubt I'll make much use of the mic for performance or recording.  As far as performance goes, the very size and conspicuousness of the unit could compromise presentation, upstaging the performer (at least a vocalist with a normal-sized head).  And for traveling purposes, I've found the Sansom Go mic to be the best fit with a laptop computer (even though Blue's literature shows the Yeti alongside a laptop).Blue appears to be trying to have it all ways with this product.  Its size and weight are likely to attract buyers as well as provoke reservations--perhaps leading some purchasers to complement what strikes me as a home studio mic with one or more of Blue's lighter, more compact microphones.  Its onboard amplifier and circuitry are convenient and permit unprecedented versatility.  But as other reviewers have mentioned, the volume, gain, and pattern knobs are rather loose, allowing for lateral and vertical as well as the expected rotating movement.  The knobs turn effortlessly but not with the ball-bearing smoothness one might associate with ultra expensive professional equipment. There's the slightest hint of resistance at one point in the gain control's circular movement, but it's not at the 12 o'clock position, so it's difficult to say whether or not the knob is intended to have a mid-point for quick and easy assessment of positioning.In sum, the Yeti should please anyone who wants to broadcast or record a fuller and richer sound than that previously attainable with comparably-priced mics, and it should prove a useful (not to mention handsome) addition to any home studio.  It's still a bit early to make any pronouncements about the worthiness of this imposing metal humanoid as a road warrior.  It's main competitor on Amazon--the Audio Technica AT2020--is pint-sized compared to the Yeti, and I'll confess I'm still not sure whether I made the best choice (the 2 mics have been alternating in the 1 and 2 slots of best-selling mics on Amazon for 3 months now).  I wish there were some direct reviewer comparisons to indicate whether the AT's relative compactness and light weight come at a compromise--however slight--to audio quality.[I experienced initial hesitancy on Yeti's part to make an appearance in the Input and Output panels (in System Preferences) of my iMac. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Plugged directly into a USB port on my computer, Yeti immediately sprang into action. My hunch is that a good, powered 4-port hub would be equally effective.]