When I do my reviews, I consider how well does the stompbox do what it does versus the price. I give the MXR Custom Comp five stars because, while it sounds nowhere near as good nor is as easy to use as a Keely, you will pay substantially less. On the other hand, it sounds better than a Boss CS-3 and is more versatile than an MXR Dyna Comp. It is also cheaper than the MXR 76 Vintage Compressor (which has no LED or AC adaptor). So, I think that the MXR Custom Comp is worth considering when shopping for a compressor. You should watch demos on YouTube and many stores sell MXR so you can try one out. If you want an inexpensive compressor with LED, AC adaptor, and a versatile sound palette, then the MXR Custom Comp is pretty good.Anyone who argues that compression does not change your tone has not fully explored the potential of a compressor. If you would like some evidence, consider a song like The Fixx "One Thing Leads to Another" which was created in part by cranking a compressor up. The manual gives three settings you might try--"Chicken Pickin'," "New Wave Reggae," and "Chime Bloom"--each of which sounds different. The MXR Custom Comp can also give you volume boost if you wish to use it for that function, and I think it does so wayyyyy better than the Boss CS-3 (which seems more apt at volume drop, you have to crank it all the way to get a boost).One problem with this compressor is that there are four control knobs, two on the exterior (Output & Sensitivity) and two in the interior (Attack & Trim). In order to set it as the manual suggests, you will have to open up the case with a screwdriver and turn the two dials inside the box. Because of that, I just set it on "New Wave Reggae" (for 80s sounds, funk, etc.) and manipulate the external controls as needed. If I was playing country, I would simply switch it to "Chicken Pickin'" and leave it. If you are playing multiple styles, I would seek a different compressor like a 4-knob Keely.A second problem with the MXR Custom Comp is noise. If you crank the Output up, it creates a buzz (in my rig) that can be taken care of with a noise gate. The Dyna Comp does the same thing, but I did not hear that as much on the Keely or Boss CS-3.I find that leaving the compressor on all the time sharpens my tone without taking it over, but at the same time I can easily vary the Sensitivity to get different tone/sustain. It can give an awful lot of bell-like sustain on clean sounds and works great with a chorus pedal.BOTTOM LINE:(1) Nice compressor for the price, especially if you want versatile sound palette, good volume boost(2) Hard to work with due to interior controls (dumb!)(3) Generates noisy signal when cranked(4) Gives sound like MXR 76 Vintage Comp with less cost, plus on/off LED & AC adaptor at cheaper price(5) Good compressor in its price range (Keely is far superior in sound but you pay for it!)(6) OK paint job, doesn't really catch my eye