I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you *are* in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has **nothing** to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers.