The Fender Vibro Champ is a great little amp. I'm amazed at how good this amp sounds. A small light weight package with a good set of voices that outputs a decent amount of sound.This is a 5 Watt Tube amp with enough power to fill a medium sized room or the perfect practice amp. This is a much better and louder amp than the small $100 solid state starter / practice amps by all the major manufacturers. Fender uses two very standard tubes for pre- and amplification: 12AX7 and 6V6 (both are Fender branded tubes). These are nice clean tubes that react consistently.The amp takes about 15 seconds to warm up and draws 45 Watts.The cool part of this amp is the 16 voice settings. In reality the amp packs effects for 7 different amps, Tweed, Blackface, British, Hot Rod, Metal, Jazz, and Acoustic. The first five have three different levels of style each. Our other two amps are Marshalls, an acoustic and a half stack. If I'm being really honest, I like the sound of this amp a lot more than the half stack. This is a clean simple amp to use. The Marshall has a ton of tweaks that are hard to get exactly right.The volume level on the different voices is nowhere near matched. Some voices are incredibly loud, others are really quiet. Switching voices means moving that volume knob a lot. Sadly, the volume only goes to 10.Once the voice is selected, there are 5 effects settings possible with two or three level for each (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo). The F/X level knob adjusts the amount of the effect applied (set to 1, the effect isn't used at all). This is probably the least useful part of the amp. There is no pedal selection, so once the effect is selected and volume dialed in, you're kind of stuck with that until you fiddle with the amp again. There's no easy way to change the effect in the middle of a song.There is a gain knob.I like the speaker on this amp. It is nicely detailed with a good warm sound. The internal speaker is connected with a 1/4 inch jack, so it is possible to connect the amp up to another cabinet with a simple 1/4 inch speaker cable. Very nicely done Fender, most cheaper amps are hard wired to the speaker. The back panel also has a 1/4 inch jack Line Out.This is a great small gig or practice amp. The sound is outstanding. The amp is used with a 1983 Gibson Lucille and a 2008 Les Paul Standard Plus.