Although the big push these days by Samson/Zoom is on behalf of their latest entry, the pint-sized H1, the H2 is still outselling it.  Perhaps for good reason.  Amazon's price has the H2 going for less than a 50% mark-up from the H1, yet only the H2 offers a sound stage as wide as 360 degrees and is almost as portable and easy to slip into a pocket as the H1.  The latter offers the now popular X/Z mic configuration, but they're "fixed" mics. if you wanted to ensure the widest separation, you'd be unable to aim the mics in opposing directions.  Also, the H2 can be set down on a flat surface more securely and is less sensitive to microphonics from touching any part of the machine.  I've owned both machines and have found the construction quality wanting, the SD door broke loose on the HD2, and the on-off switch came loose on the H1.  Both are somewhat tricky to operate, with settings that are not visible in dark places and which nonetheless require agile, accurate, and quick, small fingers.  (Some users are bound to react negatively to the minuscule size of the H1's micro-SDHC storage cards.)  Both are capable of full-bodied, full frequencied high-fidelity audio, but you have to remember to treat them gently.The Zoom Q3 video recorder strikes me as the best built of the bunch, as it's solid metal practically through and through, and the limited settings make it easier to use than either the H1 or H2.  However, I found it impractical to use at a concert where where the included video component distracted the listeners behind me.  Also, with its size and bright-blue color it's anything but a stealth machine.This brings us to the 4th (and most expensive) Zoom, the H4n.  It's the most versatile of the Zooms, not only permitting movement of the mics but the addition of external mics for authentic mixing.  Still, the build quality is not notably superior to the H2, and of the 4 Zooms, it's the fussiest, intended for a user whose willing to take some time to become familiar with its versatile learning curve.  After less than satisfying experiences with the first 3 Zooms, I sent the H4n back in favor of the Sony PCM-50, which is constructed like a Hummer compared to the plastic of the Zooms.  I see that Amazon's description of the Sony is misleading, since the PCM-50 will NOT permit the user to record in MP3 format.  WAV is the only format it offers, which simplifies the recording process, allowing the user to select file size with the software program used during the editing process.  (The only down side is the limited duration of WAV, requiring the user to employ a Sony Sound Stick in addition to the built-in storage.)