I own both the H1 and H4n and I love them both. The H4n is a great versatile field recorder. I mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. The H4n is a work horse. It has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. I highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. I had this happen once. If this happens to you, don't worry. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. I had it shipped off and back in 7 days.All in all the H4n is a great field recorder. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 Chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two XLR inputs at the same time. In some cases I also use a small 4 Channel Behringer field mixer if I have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. Running straight from the mixer outputs to the H4n works perfectly.I do suggest some accessories when using the H4n. As I said earlier, purchase a "furry head" wind screen. I use the furry head wind screens every time I record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. I only use 32gb Sandisk SD cards because Sandisk is dependable, I have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. I record at 48K @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. This allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case I forget to transfer the audio files along with video when I edit. I also suggest having a DI box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. I have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a DI Box from venue mixers. This has to do with a balance and padding that I am just not going to get into but trust me, a DI box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. I also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. Always be prepared. I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.I do not regret this purchase at all. The H4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. I highly recommend purchasing one.