My axesEpiphone LP Studio deluxe plustopFender MarauderTakamine G320Squier Standard StratSquier Standard PJ bassBeen playing 20 years.I had a Squier bullet and it was a cheap guitar I didn't care about that I could keep next to the couch to play rocksmith with. But it got old and I wore the frets out so I needed a new cheap guitar for rocksmith. I picked up the LP special 2 in black at Guitar Center for $130 and they kicked in free strings.Bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.My LP Studio had it's pickups replaced with the Zakk Wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. Imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. Considering this thing is almost the same prices a Bullet Squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. You literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the Special 2.....Sound: 5/5Two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.The pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.The pickups are high output and feel like AlNico more than Ceramic. Not sure which they have.So much sustain for a bolt on neck. I was shocked.Build Quality 4/5I did have 1 problem with the high E tuner. I didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4" up out of the headstock. When I discovered this I loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.Intonation required no adjustment.Action was exactly the way I like itNeck was straight with no fret buzz or excessive bow.The finish was perfect. No nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.Neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. Damn good for a bolt on.Hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.Back bending headstock and 3x3 orientation mean no string trees which makes tuning much more stable.The bridge is similar to my LP Studio with the tunamatic setup. Individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, IE can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.Weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but I soon got used to it. No pickguard and it doesn't need one. Lots of relief between strings and body. You won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. Makes it easy to clean too!Truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.Frets were smooth, rounded, and played nice. Could use a little buffing for silky smooth but not rough.Neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. I would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.500k pots and side body 1/4 TRplug keeps the cable out of the way.Overall 5/5Came with hex keys for setupCame with an awsome poster with all the Epiphone guitar modelsCame with a nice bumper stickerNo manualBody was packed in foam shroud with foam blocks, about the same as any other $150 guitar.Summary: This guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument I own. It sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. IT's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. The frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical Affinity or Bullet (2 squiers in this price range).I would say this guitar is suitable for all styles of music. I did blues, metal, country, and pop. The pickups are humbuckers which means they are darker and higher output than a Fender, not as much of those nice Fender bell like tones and chime but it makes up for it with power and clarity.One thing I like about Epiphones and Gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. This makes it VERY easy to palm mute and play with high gain. I lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my Strats the damn volume knob is in the way.As an experiment I took the pick up pole scews out of the bottom pickup to see if I could get a single coil sound out of it. What happened was a mess because of the parafin wax which got EVERYWHERE. The tone was a little brighter and output a little lower, still no hum but you wouldn't fool anyone into thinking it was a single coil. I ended up putting the screws back in.I will likely put my LP Studio stock pickups back in (hell yeah coil tapping here I come!) and move my EMG 81/85's in this LP Special 2 and make myself a nice little metal guitar.Do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. It's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years.