I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier.After making a few homemade case humidifiers out of things like a travel butter container with many holes drilled into it and a sponge, I started thinking about how some of the cases separate the body cavity from the neck & headstock cavity inside the guitar case and not allowing the humidity to flow freely to all areas, especially the body where it is needed the most.Even though I was getting acceptable humidification in the case I was concerned about the body being dryer in comparison so I went ahead and splurged the 8 bucks on these. (I actually bought three of them.)I crank the gas heat up in the house in the winter and A/C in the summer, keep my guitars inside their cases and inside a closet. The humidity drops quite low, but the sponges remain moist for several days before I can no longer fight the urge to re-wet them. lol.Two great tips in one:Use a regular, more dense sponge, thicker like the ones at the dollar store. Cut them to size and stuff them in!Throw away the sponge when it starts to get yucky and don't worry about distilled water, unless you want to. I can't argue using very pure water compared to the possibly toxic crap that comes out our faucets, but for one dollar you can get a boat load of them after you cut them to size, and toss them away without any regard when needing replaced.Don't worry about the &#34;thing&#34; hanging in-between your strings. It will not damage anything unless you get the sponge  too saturated and it leaks. I will either squeeze the excess water out, or shake the container with the sponge inside until I am satisfied that it won't drip.The humidifier will not cause any stress or damage to your strings by spreading them when you wedge this inside your soundhole.If you ARE rough, careless, thoughtless, or stupid, you could possibly knock this loose and have it rub or fall out, but I would be more worried about the guitar and what it would take for this to happen. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause.The top snaps on by squeezing the sides to release little tabs that stick through the top cover. The sponge inside is quite small, and there isn't too much room for a much larger sponge. The device is simple and fairly solid. Treat it gently and it will last forever. You can easily clean the inside or run it through a dishwasher. If you give the inside a quick rinse every few fills, I'm sure it would be a decade before anything &#34;built up&#34; to require extensive cleaning or replacement.Keep an eye on it for the first few days and then weeks to get a feel for when you should be re-wetting the sponge.Try to keep the sponge moist when it's dry.I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks.This will take any guesswork out of the equation and give you fairly accurate readings inside your guitar or instrument case.Remember, too much humidity can cause your acoustic guitar to warp. Too dry and it will shrink and crack, split the soundboard (top) also leaving the edges of the frets sticking out like the backbone of a fish and quite abrasive!If you spent more than one hundred dollars on your guitar and live where it gets cold and/or dry, you would be negligent (if not careless) to spend the pittance to make sure your 'baby ain't thirsty', or worse...dead & broken!Hope this helps!