Update: The right angle switched end started developing crackling issues and is now intermittently cutting out. I've had it just over a month, so Amazon won't help me. Despite the lifetime warranty, Amazon has only offered to let me pay shipping and to give me a partial refund. Despite being an "authorized retailer" for Planet Waves, AMAZON DOES NOT OFFER EXCHANGE UNDER THE PLANET WAVES WARRANTY beyond the standard Amazon 30 day return policy. Amazon support referred me to the manufacturer. I've emailed Planet Waves, but the instructions for the warranty are to return it to a dealer for exchange. I don't have a dealer within 100 miles of my home, so unless the manufacturer comes through, this one is quickly becoming unusable and it looks like it might cost me to resolve it.I frequently switch instruments and this makes it easy to do quietly. I've used cables with the G&H; quiet plug (which also works well), but the switched connector on this has an advantage over the G&H-; you can use it as a mute and tune with a head stock tuner without unplugging your instrument. The cable itself is a bit stiffer than I'm used to, which makes coiling for storage very easy, but it can quickly become a twisted mess on stage if you more length than you really need. The little elastic cord keeper strap works better than I could ever have imagined. I've never given the sound of a cable a thought, being a bass player who doesn't use much for effects and who plays mostly passive instruments. But using this with my Genz Benz Shuttlemax 9.2 and fEARful 15/6/1 cab, I really notice a pronounced difference in clarity and dynamics. The sound is much more alive with this over any of the other cables I have from a variety of manufacturers (Hosa, Proco, Whirlwind, etc). I've never had to warranty exchange a PW cable, but others tout the easy swap at any PW dealer as a great reason to buy them. I like knowing that. ** EDIT: AS STATED ABOVE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO EXCHANGE IT THROUGH AMAZON BEYOND 30 DAYS **