I've used these strings longer than any other strings I've tried (about 7 years).  Last year I switched to D'Addario EXP16's because they sounded better on the guitar I have now, but still keep a pack of Nanowebs as a backup.  Here are my pros and cons of this string:Pros:+Easier to fret and play than other strings.  I don't know why; I looked up the tension stats on these strings and they seem to be equivalent or higher than other strings.  But they certainly are easier to fret (press down) and play than any other string I've tried, including other coated ones.  The coating on the Nanoweb strings is thinner than the Elixir Polyweb series, but still feel very smooth and even 'slippery', as some people remarked.  They have very little string squeak.+Last longer than any other strings I've tried - maybe because of their brightness, these strings mellow with age (as all strings do) but never really sound dull.  The only reason I saw to change them was when they became overly dirty or broke, usually every few months of regular playing.+Very bright sound, which cuts through well playing live with a full band, and livens up the sound of cheaper guitars.  However, this can also be a con (see below)Cons:-Cost more than most strings, including other coated strings.-Can sound overly bright, especially on some higher end guitars.  They tend to dominate the sound of the guitar, which is good for cheaper guitars without quality woods or construction, but not so good for a guitar that already resonates well.  For this reason I switched to the EXP16 phosphor bronze string for my current guitar. The EXP16 is coated but has a more natural/dark sound that complements the 'woodiness' of the guitar better than the Elixirs (although not as easy to play).-Not available for export outside the U.S.  When I was working abroad, I used to buy these from a U.S. company who would ship them to me.  Elixir changed their policy to prevent this, so I ended up switching strings because the cost of Elixirs abroad was so high.