For those that don't know, this pedal is a copy of the more expensive Line 6 Echo Park. The two things that make it better than the real deal are the lower price and the (IMO) better tap tempo. You have to do an odd sort of clicking sequence with the Echo Park, but with the Echo Machine you simply hold down the footswitch for 2 seconds, and then set your tap tempo. When you're satisfied, just hold again to enter regular on/off mode. Foolproof.Some folks will point to superior construction with the Echo Park, and I won't totally deny that. That said, the effects modules and the construction of the Behringer pedals are basically the same - plastic where you'd like metal, and surface mount construction (practical maintenance is really only possible by the manufacturer). But again, there is a switch in the tone dock that requires maintenance at some point - if it can't be cleaned up, the dock becomes a paperweight.As best I can tell, all the other settings are the same between this copy and the original. That makes sense, as it saves Behringer the costs of any R&D; - they just had to make it fit in the dimensions of their enclosures, and alter the tap tempo algorithm/access. That's a win for the customer because it decreases the price. For those who find a moral dilemma in buying a copy of something else, I'd submit that most of what is in your pedal collection has probably been either partly or wholly copied from something else. Unless you want to restrict yourself to the known originals and the prices they fetch, this is oftentimes the standard option. If there is a worthy improvement (IMO in a practical sense usually more than a sonic one), it would kind of behoove you to insist on the original. The tap tempo on the EM600 earns its purchase, just like the lower noise floor of the Biyang Compress X earns it as a purchase over what it copies 1:1 - the venerable MXR Dyna Comp.So why only 4 stars? Because it's a 2-way street - the cost cutting means that this pedal will potentially be something for the landfill in years to come. There's no denying this, and to get 5 stars requires unsurpassed durability at any price point. Despite what you may think, it can be done - the flipside is an ever so slightly higher cost. Behringer probably decided they preferred the increased profit per unit instead, or didn't want to go above a certain price point and risk getting beat by direct competitors.The other BIG reason to knock a star off is that with a little amp that you have to crank to get acceptable volumes from, there is quite a bit of audible hiss from this pedal. If all I used were my bigger amps, I would have never noticed, and it wouldn't have been an issue at all. But the 21st century is a time of lower playing volumes in live settings, which means the smaller amps are more popular. So the hiss could absolutely be a deal breaker. It might be slightly lower than the P.A. you're using, but I wouldn't be so sure. I'd say you'd want a (true) 30 watt amp to ensure this isn't an issue, but that may be absolute overkill for the gigs you play.But my aggravations are really small ones. Overall, this pedal works fine through any amp I've tried it with, as some are kind of picky especially with delay pedals. I've typically found digital delay to work better with drive/OD/distortion pedals as opposed to analog delay, and this pedal is no different - as much as I like my MXR Carbon Copy and BBE Two Timer, they aren't nearly as flexible. This one IMO is on par with the flexibility of the old Boss DD-2/DD-3 or Danelectro Dan Echo. But it surpasses them with all of the different types of delay effects. Many of those are something I would never use, but I could imagine how others would absolutely love them. Or - they could come in handy for something specific, or be great flexibility in the recording studio.Also worth considering is that at the EM600's price, you could buy a backup or a 2nd one for different settings.