A looper pedal has been on my list of things I'd like to get some day for a long long time. Why I waited so long to get one, I can't say. All I can say is how glad I am not only that I finally got one but that I got this one. It is fantastic. Here's why.First, ease of use. I really thought I'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. On the contrary, I got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. The instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. This manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. As I delved deeper into the options I was able to quickly figure out how to do everything I wanted to do.Second, user interface. It's a pedal. It's got knobs and buttons. This makes me very happy. It's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. Once you've got it up and running, I strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. The work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.Third, features. It has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. The beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.Fourth, plays nice with computers. There's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. There you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.Fifth, comes with an AC adapter. It actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, I was happy to see it in the box.Sixth, you can add an SD card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.All of which gives you some specifics but misses the overall experience. The experience for me has been pure jamming joy. I hear a song in my head, and very quickly have the basic concept captured as a loop. You can plug your electric guitar or a mic into the input, so you can capture anything you want.For the price this is a wonderful piece of gear, and my only regret is not having bought one sooner. I'm having so much fun with it.