USB Condenser mics and more specifically this one are great for doing Podcasts and for portability. The reason being is that they are condensers for one, and the other is that this mic has a built in interface. An interface is a glorified sound card with both a microphone preamp and (Analogue to digital, and digital to analogue) AD/DA converters. Of course most any standalone interface is going to give you way more desirable results than just plugging a microphone into the mic jack on your computer; way, way better. So this MXL Studio 24 USB even with the built in interface is going to give you quality far exceeding your computers potential. So instead of having to carry a separate interface around with you having this all in one MXL Studio 24 USB all you need is a laptop with a USB input and you.There are limitations though with a USB mic with the main one being that you can only record the microphone without being able to plug in any instruments. (Although you could record instruments using this microphone and that way be able to layer more tracks in your DAW.) Recording multiple tracks at the same time is not possible with this mic unless you are recording the same thing in multiple tracks.The really good thing about this mic is that you are getting some pretty decent quality for the money. So for anything that you need to do using a microphone as your one and only sound device it is ideal, quick, easy, and affordable.One of the problems with using it in Pro Tools, or any DAW is that you can only use one interface at a time. Since the mic has a built in interface you can't use any other. Even in Garage Band for MAC, although they have the ability to use more than one interface because you can toggle between the two but not be able to use two simultaneously. So in plain words if you are planning studio capabilities a USB mic is not what you need. I have a couple of MXL condenser mics that I bought for my studio. I have the MXL V57M which was their early offering but is no longer made and I have found the MXL V250 to be comparable to that one. Some other MXL's like the 990 are muddy in the bottom end. When bottom fishing for a good/decent condenser mic some of the CAD offerings are also top sellers.When using the MXL 24 USB in Win 7 no driver download is necessary. If your mic comes without the included CD you can download the free MXL Studio Control app which includes input controls for microphone gain and an adjustable high pass filter. It also has a nose gate with adjustable threshold. There are also output adjustments as well.One other thing that is unique about USB mics working with your PC is that they are dependent of course on your PC. So I had the hardest time trying to figure out what was wrong when I couldn't get the output from my PC or into the free Reaper DAW recording software (free 60 day trial) also downloadable from MXL. So I finally gave up after trying various input options etc and discovered through the troubleshooter in Windows 7 accessible via Control panel, and then "Sound" and then type "Troubleshooter" into the search box in the upper right corner. The answer was that my mic input volume inside of Windows was down to zero. I moved the slider up and bang it worked.So for sound quality you are getting decent quality for the price and it has a built in interface and even an output jack you can plug your headphones into; it's a mini jack like you have on your computer. So with just your laptop and this mic you are set for pod-casting, or any other function that requires only one microphone and no other channels. This mic comes with a desktop stand which is an indication of its intended purpose as opposed to a studio vocal or instrument mic.