Bought Verbzilla, Digitech RV-7, and the verbzilla's ripoff : Behringer RV600.The types of reverb i get from Verbzilla is very insignificant to be used for my synths .. so for that many kind of modes, barely useful. And I HATE the fact that line 6 always used the MIX knob instead of the separated level and reverb/fx level, cos you have to sacrifice your volume to get an extreme reverb, which is sucks.Then i tried the digitech rv-7. First thought was .. Wow, what a construction it's got there. Fancy knobs, and additional stuffs like thick rubberized knobs cover, velcro, glow in the dark sticker. And the fact that it has the lexicon soul in it. I love this one better than the verbzilla, cos you don't have to sacrifice the volume to get a heavy reverb.. but the problem was .. there's no heavy reverb there. I couldn't get a ridiculous amount of reverb out of this pedal. But I love the gated reverb feature among all modes. Every other modes are just nothing special really. It was just a light reverb i get.Aaaand finally i tried this blue thick plastic pedal .. skeptical at first, and i can see that it has also the mix knob like verbzilla has I was a little disappointed. But I really can sense my juno 60 and my moog sings differently on each modes with this one. And I'm very happy that the mix and the decay could go ridiculous without having volume loss as much as the verbzilla does. It could be painful for guitar players, cos they cannot boost up your guitar volume without anything else if it's already full, but I could always gain the volume of my synth to balance it with the mix knob (since i never put the volume knob on the synth at full). I could sense the difference of each modes with this pedal and it's hell loads of them.Let me tell you the ugly truth about those 3 pedals that i've tried.. they are ALL battery hogs! It was ridiculous .. i mean bad bad ridiculous that it was only lasted about 5-10 mins of nonstop use of battery before it's dried up. So I suggest you to use the power adapter. And the only thing i hate about RV600 is the way that we have to put back the battery cover to it's place cos we have to put the spring back to it's track while closing it slowly, and that black plastic latch on the side doesn't feel it could last longI don't care what ppl said about this pedal, but it's been very useful for me and my synthesizers, we don't need to get an expensive gears as long as we can make great sounds. It's all comes back to our ability to make good music. Good luck guys!