I recently picked up the TC Electronic MojoMojo Overdrive at a steal of a price, but I'm evaluating based on its inherent quality relative to the retail price.  I own many different overdrives, including light overdrives in the "Tubescreamer", and some ones capable of getting a bit more raucous (Blues Driver, OCD, Joyo Ultimate Drive, etc.).  To me, this is closer to the Tubescreamer family, as it does better as a clean boost or light overdrive.  Actually, the separate knobs for Bass and Treble and its darker tone remind me a bit of the Digitech Bad Monkey.BUILD QUALITY - Outstanding.  It has an "MXR" style click button press, but the mechanism feels sturdy and built to last.  The 9V jack is on the top, out of the way of the I/O jacks.  The battery compartment opens with a unique oversized flat screw/button that you can easily get open with your fingers, or maybe a quick turn of a screwdriver.  The thing is dense and build solid as a rock.  I always appreciate the extra weight with pedals because lighter ones are less crush-resistant, and tend to get punted around by your cables.  Finally, the 4 knobs are built will with some force feedback, and several of them are actually notched to settle into the "12" position, which is a nice touch.TONE QUALITY - Obviously, the tone quality is the most subjective part of this review.  I would not be at all critical of a reviewer who gave this a "5" and absolutely loved it, as several previous reviewers did.  But based on the pedals I have used and my experiences with the MojoMojo, it feels more like a "4" to me.  The tone is very warm, almost to the point of being muddy.  Whether the mod switch is a "boost" or a "cut", the pedal is bassier in the "up" position.  Don't get me wrong, I definitely appreciate the abundance of low-end frequencies, but it might get some tweaking to get that high end to shine through.  I could also easily see it getting lost in the mix if you play with other instruments.  It does a nice job of adding a bit of gain and saturation to your tone without coloring it too much with different character.  However, if you'd like a similar effect with a much more expressive (and brighter) output, try the Mad Professor Sweet Honey Overdrive, or its "clone" companion, the Joyo Sweet Baby Overdrive.EASE OF USE/VERSATILITY - Many overdrives only have the single tone control, so I was excited to see controls for Bass and Treble.  Still, I feel like this is a pedal that could be great with some amps, and very muddy with others.  I will update my review if my feelings change, as I have a few different combinations I want to try out.  I feel that the preferred use of this pedal is as a stacked overdrive pushing some other type of overdrive or distortion.  This is much the way you would use a Tubescreamer.  I will say that it is one of the more "tube-like" overdrives I have tried.  Hit the notes lightly, and you get a clean, transparent tone.  Attack them harder, and the higher output from the guitar will push the overdrive and cause further breakup, much like a tube amp.  However, if your hope is simply to plug into the MojoMojo into a clean amp and expect classic rock tones, you may be a bit disappointed with it as a standalone overdrive pedal.