I have been playing guitar for more years than I care to admit. Okay I bought a 1966 Telecaster brand new back then. Still have it and love it. I have a lot of different guitars, mostly electric, and 4 acoustics. On my electrics I love extra light 8 gauge strings. (Only about 5% of us do) I can fly on those and do things at a pace this is a lot more difficult with heavier gauge strings. Anyhow I digress, but for a reason. Light gauge strings are subject to tuning problems if you have big fat frets like the .050&#34; found on Gibons and ESP-LTD's. When you squeeze the string to fret it, with light gauge strings it is all too easy to squeeze it all the way to the fret board. With X-Large jumbo frets that can be quite a distance making the guitar go out of tune. The cure for that is using heavier gauge strings such as 10's or more so it makes it possible to determine quite easily just where the top of the fret is without doing the full squeeze all the way to the fret board. So most capo's work with 10's and on up because there is a lot more tension on the strings. So a lot of capos can create a comfortable fit fully fretting the strings without them going into the sharp note zone.So since I use lighter gauge strings, and even 9's are subject to the same limitation, I have had a hard time finding a capo that would sit comfortably at the top of the range between the fret and the board, and still squeeze the string sufficiently so as to not create any buzz and do so without making the string too sharp. Guess what? Now I found it. I have several capos and none of them make the grade for light gauge strings except this one. To be honest with you I was surprised when it worked.Okay so here is how I put it to the test. I used the Snark headstock tuner which is a great little tuner if you know the secret to using it. I also have the Peterson HD tuner bench model which is fodder for another post with its one tenth of one cent tuning accuracy. Okay back to the explanation.With the Snark you tune the open string until the line stays in the center without wavering off to one side. The only problem is that most any headstock tuner I have seen they aren't superbly accurate. (The Peterson headstock tuner I sent back because it was acting crazy. Anyhow...) So the secret to using the Snark which I like best out of the headstock tuners I have tried is to tune the open string first, and then fret the string on let's say the 5th fret. You will occasionally find that a string in the open position registers as being in tune, even though it may be a little sharp, or a little flat, so when you strum the whole chord you will get a desire to tune it, so your ears can hear it, in order to get it spot on. There is nothing more beautiful than a perfectly tuned guitar, and nothing worse than one that is well out of tune.So by tuning the open string, and then tuning the fretted string, once both are in tune it is right on. So in the open position if by chance it is a tiny bit sharp, not enough to register on the tuner, when you fret that string, for example on the 5th fret that naturally stretches the string a little bit, making it sharper, which will now show on the Snark as a note that is too sharp. Once you balance the open string, and the fretted string you really have a wonderfully tuned instrument. You don't even need to hear it. So your audience is not listening to you tune up, yet you get it right in the sweet spot that we all love and know so well.So with that being said you can more fully understand why this D'Addario NS Artist Capo is the cat&#8217;s meow. It is the first tuner that I ever used that kept the guitar perfectly in tune after clamping it on the neck. (It is adjustable like the others are, but this one is sensitive for light gauge strings as well)You often see artists trimming up their tuning after putting on the capo; not with this one even with light gauge strings. I must admit I was surprised taking it right out of the wrapper, after going through the above tuning procedure to get the guitar spot on, that it immediately did the job just right. It wasn't even a little bit sharp.To be super critical here is another tip. When using this capo put it closer to the fret, rather than in the middle between two frets. For some reason it stretches the string less in doing so. It has to do with the tension resistance at a steeper angle right alongside of a fret, rather than farther way like in the middle between the two frets. I did get a tiny bit of sharpness when positioned between the two frets. (With 8 gauge strings)Since the two most important factors are that it is comfortable to use, not getting in the way when playing open chords and keeping the guitar in tune. The best way to use this capo is to simply clamp the strings right above the second fret for example, rather than right below the third one. Right below the third one gives you that perfect tune also, just like right above the second one does, but it keeps the capo way out of your way. As a matter of fact I am so accustomed to using the capo position to know where to finger the chords, that I sometimes make a mistake and fret them one lower than they belong. With a little practice, or not even looking at the guitar instantly corrects that. To say this quite simply is to say use this capo farther away from your hand. You just slide it down to being right above the fret below it, rather than right below the fret above it.So there it is. This Capo does the job perfectly and is light and easy to clamp. Of course if it can accurately handle 8's it will breeze through anything thicker. Out of the box it is set at its lightest setting, and that is perfect for 8's on the Telecaster I tried it on. Teles and Strats really have the same neck just with different head stocks. So it will work the same with both.So I guess I can't recommend this capo high enough since it is the ONLY one that works perfectly with super light gauge strings. My only problem is being sure to remember which guitar case it is in so I can switch it over when using a different guitar. I might get another one for a backup.