First of all this is NOT the best microphone ever made.  But for what they cost they certainly are more than I expected.  I give it 4 stars as a microphone period, without even taking the low cost into consideration.  They are so much better than the next cheapest thing that they are worth the extra $5 for sure. I bought one Behringer XM8500 then two more a couple of months later planning to use them as rehearsal microphones for a geezer band start up about 5 years go.  However, we actually have used these for vocals at some live performances when the sound tech's personal SM-58's are busy at another job.  I honestly think we sound about the same either way and maybe a little clearer with the Behringers.  At one time Alice Cooper and his band were using the Behringer XM8500's, however they may have moved on now for all I know.These are not Shure SM-58 clones even though they appear to be cosmetic knockoffs.  They have a slightly hotter output and a more flat response to my ears while the Shure's have a more pronounced lower mid boost that makes the male voice sound bigger and sometimes more distorted if not eq'ed correctly.  They are an ideal backup vocal microphone since the Behringer behaves like a compromise between a microphone tailored for a male voice and a microphone tailored for a female voice and actually works well without heavy eq.  It also is if anything more versatile than the SM-58 as it can be useful as an acoustic instrument pickup microphone working for anything that you would ordinarily use an SM-57 to pick up.  It doesn't overload easily, has a high output and a tight pattern with about the same feedback rejection as the SM-58.  It has a reasonably decent blast filter, so if using it for outdoor instrument pickup you don't have to add a windscreen.  Another strength of these is durability.  My 3 have sustained numerous drops, a couple of falls happened while boom stand mounted so not only did the microphone fall but the weight of the boom stand was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  No damage at all to any of them!  I used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now I just shrug. One weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  Mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  The stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. If you want SM-58's you need to buy SM-58's.  If you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  No on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the SM-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  I don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  You can pay more and get less.