Small. Light weight. Stunning Fender Blackface looks. Warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. The digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. The fact that Fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. It is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. The direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. What could be easier? And it mikes well too, by the way. The choice is yours there.With no LED display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. The voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. The Tweed, Blackface, and Marshall voicing are all well done and lend to the overall tone of this fine little amp.Love the reverb in the FX section. The spring reverb is so well done that I bumped the amp once and was looking for the "spring chrash" known from amps with the real spring reverb. It's that good. Once again, the controls are easy and direct. Never an issue to simply select a model and then dial it in with little effort. Who cares if it doen't have a floorboard with dozens of switches and such for channel selection? You want that, go waste your money on a Line 6 or something. This Champ is made for one thing. To give you the best possible tone and selection for the least amount of money and effort. I believe it has accomplished that well.Again, a shame that Fender has dropped this model from the line up of products. The super model is a step up in power and speaker size, but also the cost is higher as well. I'm just glad that I got one of these from Amazon. com when I did and will not part with the amp. Been playing for five decades now and I know when I have a good instrument or gear and when I don't. This model is a keeper to be sure. And I don't even like digital! How's that for an endorsement? It's that good for what it does....