I'm going this stompbox as I always do, based on the quality of the pedal and what it does - not necessarily whether than tone is "useful" for my particular setup.  Viewed in that objective light, the Joyo JF-13 AC Tone is an excellent pedal for $40 to $45.There are two ways to think of the JF-13 and the other "Tech 21 clones" in this line (California, American, British Sound, etc.).  The first is the obvious one, which is to use it as a stomp box at the end of you signal chain.  This box basically takes your guitar input and any other effects you add and then tries to "clone" a VOX AC30 amplifier into the speaker.  How effectively it does this really depends on your settings and the quality of the amplifier it self.  At the end of the day, if your amplifier (particularly the budget, solid state ones) has certain limitations that you don't like (too bright, not loud enough, too muddy, breaks up too easily...), no pedal (including a $200 boutique one) is going to fully overcome those deficiencies.But the second way to think of the JF-13 is as a preamp, where the output would go directly into a recording device, PA system, computer, or tablet.  I don't have enough experience trying that (though I did a little bit with the Joyo California) to say how well that works, but I've heard great examples of it online.  Also, having the convenience of amp-like controls (with 6 knobs) is certainly very convenient if you like to play/record in that manner.As for the sound of the pedal, it's very good.  I've heard complaints about the pedal being noisy if you turn the gain all the way up, but I wouldn't let that concern you.  That's true of virtually any distortion/overdrive pedal, it can be cleaned up with a noise gate/suppressor, and I think the better use of this pedal is on the low- and mid-gain settings anyway.  The "Drive" knob is like the gain knob on an overdriven tube amp.  It's a very nice tone, responds well to picking, and cleans up well if you reduce guitar volume (which many pedal distortions do not do).  The "Voice" knob is hard to describe.  Basically, it morphs the tone into something deeper and "punchier" as you turn it up.  But that also changes the impact of all your other settings, including drive, EQ, and level.If I had one complaint about this pedal (even compared to the California, also a very cool pedal), I was a little surprised how much this pedal "wants to be dirty".  It's tough for me to envision leaving it on all the time if it overdrives so easily.  But, again, I think part of that is you're basically running through two preamps if you play it through a combo.  Check out some of the YouTube recordings as to how it sounds directly into a speaker or recorder - it could be completely different in that context.  At any rate, it's a very intriguing device at only $40, and I could see finding new uses for it in the future I haven't envisioned yet.UPDATE (April 2013): I actually sold this pedal, instantly regretted it, and then bought it back.  Now that I understand how to use it properly (by bypassing the preamp of my combo amp, through the effects loop), I am able to get some great sounding clean tones out of the pedal.  It really is an excellent value, either as a "foundation pedal" or as an emergency tool for musicians who might end up somewhere they need to plug directly into a PA/Speaker system.  I won't be letting the AC Tone go this time :)