I got this pretty fast. I took it out of the box and wanted nothing more than to give it 5 stars just for value alone. I'm still shaking my head in disbelief that I got this guitar for the price. First, the 'tuner' issues that I've been reading about. Replace the strings! I stretched and stretched these things and they would not stay in tune. A set of D'Addario 10's cured that straight away (or whatever you prefer just change them). The tuners aren't the best but they are not to blame, it's the cheap strings. Now, technically if you only play open chords this was playable out of the box. The neck angle was so off the A string rattled no matter how high I set the bridge. The guitar would not intonate due to the ridiculous angle. Yes I could have sent it back but I suspect I would have gotten another just like it. I had to spend about 6 hours shimming the neck AND the nut (Never had to do this to the nut on an electric, not even on a used guitar. The nut slot was cut too deep), as well as working on leveling nearly every fret to make it playable. It required 3 business cards to shim the neck which is the most I've ever had to use. After I got that straight I removed a bit of paint from the neck and set it with wood glue in the pocket and on all the screws. In my opinion this helps a great deal with these and all bolt ons for that matter.If I bought this used none of this would have been a big deal. But as I'm looking at this horrid neck angle and doing all this work I'm steadily staring at the 'QC passed' sticker. Must have been built on a Friday afternoon or something.--- NOW--after I did this it is sweet!!. I play through a Peavey Valveking 100 and it rocks as good as my Strat w/  Duncans and Dimarzios. The quality of the electronics is not sub par at all. After adjusting the pickups screws to match the string height and getting all the horrible wax off them,  I'd argue that this is as good as any Epi I've ever played as far as pups and all, so don't hesitate there because I don't really care for Epis and I'm in love with it. (I bought this to sell mainly, but now????)  The build quality; hmm, if you can do guitar work go for it. Otherwise I'd highly recommend a more expensive model. The $299 models are great right out of the box usually.