I bought this guitar in 2005.  It sounds and looks wonderful and manages to stay that way.  I think this is a good guitar and when you think that something that might sound better would cost three to four times as much it is a great guitar for the value.This model has the cedar top.  I love that sound vs the more typical spruce top on flattop guitars.  It is a bit more mellow and has a hint of a classical guitar tone because of that.  If you prefer the bright concert sound of a Martin then you'll not want this cedar top.Yes this guitar has an oiled finish.  This allows the soundboard to really sing unimpeded.  It also allows you to knock the heck out of it.  Funny thing is that after five years there isn't much damage just a little arm wear.  I think you'll like this guitar enough to not knock it around.The neck feels silky smooth.  The frets are well placed and don't stab you by hanging over the neck a little which is what you'll get in other guitars in this price range.  Paying to get the frets filed down is an additional expense on those competitors so beware when comparing.This doesn't come with a case so I bought a hard shell by the brand name "Canadian".  Great case.When I bought it it really didn't need an adjustment but I took it to a local shop to make it perfect for me.  I've also taken it in every other year for setting the action - checking and tweaking the neck - and getting the frets polished.  I also use a humidifier in its case during the winter months in Chicago.  Performing these tasks will prolong the life of your Seagull and your enjoyment of it.--------------------Update: 10/13/2012 update of my 2010 review.  This guitar sounds even BETTER.  I went to a handful of guitar stores looking for another acoustic "just for fun" and I had a few bucks burning a hole in my pocket.  To my surprise all the guitars three times its price sounded vastly inferior.  You see I learned that as you play a good wood guitar that over time it will "open up" and keep sounding better.  Yet another reason to keep it humidified and taken care of.  It will increase in value (to you at least).