I have played, listened to, and used audio amps for over 4 decades, and while I haven't owned every name brand amp on the planet, I do know my way around them well enough to spot a good deal when I see one. This is a nice little practice amp for electrified acoustic guitar, with an input for a mic (XLR - no phantom power) and a CD player or other audio source. It also has a headphone output (1/4 inch). It has three tone controls and separate volume for the guitar and mic inputs.I got this originally for my mother, who used to sing in an Andrews Sisters-type group back in the day. She still loves to sing, and wanted a small amp and mic to practice and do the occasional small jam. She hasn't had the opportunity to do that yet, but I have tested the amp and put it through its paces. I think it will work fine for the kind of thing she has in mind. The lack of reverb or processing for the mic is a bit of a drawback, but considering what I paid for it, I can't complain.Now, this is not a gigging amp, at least not in my opinion (your mileage may vary). It is small, solid state, with an 8 inch speaker, and 15 watts of power (I haven't measured the exact output, so I'm taking Behringer's word on that). I like Behringer, and they can turn out some pretty good gear, within its limits.I like the sound of the amp with my Carvin acoustic guitar with a Fishman preamp. It is an inexpensive practice amp, so I don't expect the same kind of quality I would from a more serious combo amp. The 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. The question is, does this amp provide the sonic quality and flexibility needed to allow serious practice work, composition, or just moderate entertainment value? For me, that answer is a clear "yes."However, this is an inexpensive practice amp, and if you approach it with that attitude, I think you will find it a nice little amp. Don't plan on using it for your next tour with Manhattan Transfer, Seal, or Celine Dion.