After having played the Yamaha YPG-535 88-key Portable Grand Piano Keyboard in a showroom and loving it, I was torn, wondering what all I would be missing out on if I went with the more economically priced YPG-235. I now own the 235 and it appears as if I am missing out on twelve keys. That is, I am not experiencing even an ounce of buyer's remorse after opting for the cheaper 235. This is a lovely keyboard with more beautiful voices than I will ever know what to do with and extremely user friendly functionality. Of course, my opinion should be taken with a grain of salt as I will be the first to admit that my experience with other products of this variety is extremely limited. As such, it might be best to say that, for a novice, one could not ask for a better instrument for the price.So what is the difference between the 235 and the 535? Based on my previous comparative shopping, I have come up with a few differences. First is the obvious fact that the 535 possesses 88 keys, while the 235 has 76. The 535 also includes a stand, sustain pedal, and power adapter, which must be purchased separately for the 235. While I am unaware of the specifics, the 535 also has greater storage capacity and capability as well as a few more voices. Beyond these definitive differences, having now played both models, the 535 also wins out with regard to aesthetics in that it looks and feels to be of a slightly higher quality, from its display to the apparent craftsmanship in assembly.Why buy the YPG-235? If price is not an issue, go ahead and get he 535, it is a beautiful instrument. However, for those on a budget or for those who simply do not need 88 keys, purchase the 235. Like the 535, the 235 possesses piano style Graded Soft Touch (GST) keys, which are not exactly weighted but occupy that perfect gap between pure synth keys and weighted. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. The 235, like the 535, also features USB connectivity and general MIDI compatibility, as well as almost all of the same high quality voices, which separate both the 535 and the 235 from many other models in their price brackets (besides the pianos, the multitude of stringed instrument voices are amazingly realistic). While it is unfortunate that Yamaha decided to not include a power adapter with the 235, theYamaha Survival Kit D - Accessory Kit for Yamaha YPG-235 & YPG-235 Keyboardswhich includes a power adaptor, extended warranty, and a couple of other low quality extras can be purchased relatively cheaply. In my opinion, the YPG-235 offers the buyer more bang for their comparative buck. Again, the 235 sounds great, feels great and is hard to beat for the price!