I'll be upfront and honest right away and say that I'm not the biggest fan of headstock tuners.  I love the idea, but usually I feel the execution leaves a bit to be desired.  But when this popped up on my Vine newsletter I thought I'd give it a go and see if this one fixed any of the things I don't like about the other ones (*COUGH*snark*COUGH*).A little background first, I guess.  I've been playing guitar for the last 9 years, and I currently have two other tuners.  I have a little Korg plug in type,  where you can have it pick up your signal with an instrument cable or just use the microphone on the front to tune up.  I also have a Boss TU-3 pedal tuner.  If I'm jamming with friends or playing a show, the TU-3 is what I'll use to stay in tune.  Its very durable and accurate, and I like how I can step on it to engage both the tuner and cut out my guitar signal, so I can tune in silence and not annoy my friends and/or the audience.  For home practice I use the Korg, as I usually tune up before I start playing, then just plug into my practice amp and blast away.  The Korg is nice and accurate, easy enough to use for alternate tunings, and in 9 years of having it around (including in and out of jam sessions before buying the TU-3) I've only had to buy one replacement.I first saw a headstock tuner a year ago when a friend went to get an electronic tuner and the guy at the guitar store talked him into that blue Snark that everyone seems to have these days.  He was not incredibly pleased with it.  Not only was it somewhat garish to have a big blue ball sitting on your headstock, it seemed kinda flimsy to me and it wasn't exatly easy to tune up with it.  While I thought the idea of having a tuner that worked off the resonation of your guitar would be cool, it seemed like the design had a bit of a ways to go before it was something I'd want on my headstock.Enter this Mini Headstock Tuner by Planet Waves.  Does it fix the problems that made the Snark so unappealing to my friend and me?1.  Accuracy:  It does seem to tune accurately, that's a good thing, and it already puts this ahead of the Snark.  Its not easy to use for alternate tunings however, so do keep that in mind.  Also, the letters take some getting used to, as they use that kind of chunky LCD block style that you find on some DVD players.  Not a huge complaint, but it isn't as idiot proof as my Korg or TU-3.2.  Looks/Ease Of Use:  It's quite a bit more subtle than the Snark, able to hide behind your headstock, which is quite preferable to having a blue ball sitting on the end of your guitar.  The only problem with it hiding behind the back of your headstock is if you have a Les Paul style headstock where you have three tuners on each side, you may have trouble finding a spot where the tuner actually fits and can be seen.  My LP copy has the larger Grover tuners so my only choice is on the very end of the headstock.  I wear my guitar fairly low, so I was able find an area where I can see it from the top down, but those who sling it a bit higher might be outta luck.  Those with Fender style headstocks should have no problem, though, it'll work great for them.  Also, it is plenty bright, so seeing it well enough is not going to be an issue.3.  Durability:  This is where the main drawback to these types of tuners are.  The Snark is very easy to break, as it rests on a small ball joint.  This Planet Waves mini isn't going to lose its head too easy, but the ratcheting clip is made of plastic and I don't expect it to hold up under too much use.  The tuner itself is made of fairly light duty plastic too, so as nice as it would be to keep this in your pocket on the way to a jam session, I still think it would be easy enough to break.  I haven't had it long enough for this to happen yet, so I can only give you my initial impressions.  Let's just say this, I'd never gig with this guy as my only tuner.  Its obviously not going to be rugged enough for that type of use.All in all, it is a better headstock choice than the Snark.  However, headstock tuners as a whole still have a ways to go before they're gonna work for everyone.  Anyone who gigs often would be better off getting some kind of pedal tuner (I personally suggest a Boss TU-2 or TU-3 or a Korg Pitchblack).  I know they're more expensive, but you'll be happier off in the long run.  Those looking for a convenient way to tune up between songs during a jam session, this is a nice option.  But it may not hold up forever.I'll probably stick to my TU-3 and my Korg plug in, but as headstock tuners go, this is nicer than most.