I'll echo what others have said: this is a superbly built instrument for the price, and I don't know how Epiphone can make them to sell so inexpensively. It looks, feels and plays like an instrument that cost at least twice as much.A few notes: what looks in the product photos like a black finish around the edges and on the back and sides of the &#34;Vintage&#34; model is actually a super-rich deep, deep mahogany/maroon color, and it's unbelievably beautiful.As others have said, the factory-supplied strings are crap; if you judge the instrument by them, you'll be disappointed. Include a set of Aqila Nylgut strings when you order this ukulele, and restring it as soon as you get it.I was a little surprised that the sound was quieter than my $60 Kala soprano uke--normally, one expects a concert ukulele to have a louder, fuller sound. But the Les Paul has a relatively small soundbox compared to an all-acoustic ukulele, and that probably accounts for the quieter tone. I think it's a *better* tone, and I'm more interested in delicacy than in loudness, so I'm happy with it. If I wanted stadium-filling volume, I could always plug this into a stack of Marshall amps.Oh, I almost forgot one important note to all owners: IT IS POSSIBLE TO REMOVE THE STUPID, UGLY PICK GUARD! Since ukulele players rarely use picks, and when we do, we use soft rubber or felt ones, there's no need to protect the finish from scratching, and that white pick guard really detracts from the instrument's looks.I applied gentle heat from a hair dryer on its low power setting for about ten minutes, and very slowly and gently pried up the edges of the pick guard with my fingernails--no sharp tools! It came off pretty cleanly, leaving only a few small spots of adhesive residue. I was able to get rid of those with small amounts of rubbing alcohol on cotton, without any damage to the luscious ultra-glossy lacquer finish. And the ukulele looks SO much better now! If you feel as I do, feel free to do likewise. Just remember the key words: SLOW and GENTLE. Don't force anything, and you should be fine.