I am not a giging muscian or even a serious player.  I play for fun and relaxation.  I have been playing for about 10 years but only in the past 2 years have I taken up the electric gutiar.  I have a very simple amp setup with a Fender Starcaster 15 G as my practice/ backup amp and a Fender Mustang 1 20watt as my main amp.  I love the Mustang, but have always found the Starcaster kinda weak (well duh it is a simple practice amp).  I have 2 very basic Guitars (a Jay Turser M300 Series and an Epi LP Special II).  I normally only use the Mustang but latly have found myself really appreciating the simple clean sound that the Starcaster can give, But it is a one hit wonder.  I am constantly switch amps and is was getting tiresome.  I order this pedal on a whim thinking that it might add a little depth the the starcaster and I might be more inclined to use this amp more.  Boy did I hit a home run with that!  The pedal arrived and I spent an hour playing with it on the starcaster.  The depth and fullness it adds to this little amp is amazing. It truely gives it a tube crunch but yet retains the nice clean sound when the levels are backed off.  Flip the overdrive button on the starcaster and this amp become a distortion MONSTER.  Yea I know I can't imagine what this pedal would do on a &#34;real&#34; amp!  I also found that I'm getting better response with my guitar tone knob too.  THat was always an issue with this small amp- the tone knob made very little difference.  Not anymore.  I can spin the knob and go from clean to dirty and back again.  Yup this is a winner for all you practice amp only people.  Just for S and G's I plugged this into the Mustang (set on Brittish 60's Red) and turned the levels way down.  Amazingly it backed the crunch and distortion way off from this setting (so now I can go clean without having to touch the amp!)  All the reviews have stated how nicely this pedal works on the upper settings but it was great to find out that it can be used effectively to clean up a dirty channel!  I look forward to playing with this some more on both amps.No for the nuts and bolts of the thing.  Yup plastic.  Well I'm very gentle on my gear (this sits on a table next to me and is activated with my hand) so I don't expect issues, but if I was a thrash metal rocker I would probably look elsewhere for durability.  Don't drop it or jump on it and it should last a lifetime.  The switch activation is very positive and easy to manipulate.  No issues there.  The dials are easy to read and turn smoothly.  The LED is a nice level of brightness and does not flicker.  I'm using the AC adaptor so no ideas on battery life or replacement.  THe box is heavy enough to stay in place, but lite enough that I could easily toss it in a gig bag and not worry about it damaging a guitar.  Cable plugs are rugged and seem like they will last a lifetime.  I left the unit plugged in overnight and there was no desernable heat in either the adaptor or the pedal.  after palying for an hour the pedal was still cool to the touch as was the adaptor.My biggest complaint has to do with Amazon itself.  I got this for twenty bucks shipped.  Amazon gave an estimate of 10 days to arrive!!! 10 Days!  Yea it was coming from Vegas to NY but 10 DAYS!!  15 Days later it finally arrived.  15 DAYS!!!!  More than 2 weeks.  Half a Month!! I'm pretty sure UPS SurePost had a guy walk it to NY.  I don't know what the big delay was all about but I was horribly bummed about shipping times.  I ordered a few other items with this (AC adaptor and 5 ft insutment cable to use with this) and they arrived 4 days later.All in all this is a great pedal.  Outstanding for those of us with simple equipment and on a tighter budget.  If you have a simple practice amp and want more out of it, then grab one of these pedals and be prepared for amazment that so much sound can come from a little package.