I purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that I simply could not ignore.  It was brand new, unopened, in box.  They allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. In that environment I thought it a nice instrument.However, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was VERY busy and noisy.  It's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.This is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  It measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  I have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  The advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  It's tuned to ADGCEA rather than EADGBE.  One cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  Being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until I got it home and read the instructions.  So my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.Now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  It takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  So all is not lost there.  It was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because I didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that I impulse buy).So tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  That's where the Yamaha really falls short.  This is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  There were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  That this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.There are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).The action is of course too high.  That's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  But along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.However, the thing that bothers me the most:  if I wasn't aware this is a Yamaha Guitalele... I'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  There's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  This instrument sells for about $100.  That low cost is obvious.  This is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  I can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  The tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. The finish is-- unfinished.I bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on Amazon-- and I respect those reviews.  People have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  However I've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and I know the difference between quaint and cheap.  I own two Ovation guitars, a Peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an Epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. And no I'm not hawking Epiphone.  Facts is facts, that's all.  You can read my very-positive review on the Epiphone on Amazon).When I got this  home and took a good look at it, I found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  In truth the only positive thing I have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.Other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over Amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  The only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  Other than its portability, I find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).One must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  But low quality is low quality.(Edit two weeks later:  I just today saw the Cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  The Cordoba is MUCH nicer.  It's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  Sorry Yamaha, but facts is facts.  Had I seen the Cordoba and Yamaha side by side, I'd have bought and kept the Cordoba.)That's my honest review.  I know some will disagree.  But others know exactly what I mean.  This isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. However-- I paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  As mentioned, the Cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.Fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and I was able to return it.  I simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are.