Smart design, excellent performance.  What more could you want?  The Samson Meteor Mic USB Studio Microphone is a cardioid mic that is easy to set up and use, with great pick up for desktop podcasts, user testing, screencasting and similar.Being a relatively new user to anything but a basic desk mic, I had to look up what 'cardioid' meant.  I found a solid explanation at a site called WiseGeek.  They explain 'cardioid':  "Several different microphones have been designed throughout the years to accomplish very different tasks. Some -- such as condenser microphones -- pick up a great deal of sound from several directions, while others pick up one focused sound only from one direction. Of this latter group, the cardioid microphone is perhaps the most popular, as it picks up almost exclusively the desired sound while ambient noise is hardly noticeable. It gets its name because of its pattern of sensitivity, which is roughly shaped like a heart when drawn out on an axis. This means that most of the sound it picks up comes from the front of the microphone, while minimal noise is picked up from the rear and only marginal noise is picked up from the sides."  (My apologies to those pros out there who didn't need this clarification.)Having used the Samson Go Mic USB Compact Mic for a few months, I was familiar with the Samson brand prior to receiving this mic through the Amazon Vine program.  I had actually wanted to purchase it instead of the Go Mic, but the price difference of about thirty was a bit too much for me at the time.I've been happy with theSamson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone - Plug n' Playfor use with my desktop and laptop PCs.  I do a lot of usability testing for various websites, and it's imperative that clients are able to clearly hear my explanations via voice without background noise, pops, hisses or similar.  I have to say that the Samson Meteor is a touch better, offering clear, crisp recording and reproduction.  It also seems to pick up virtually no background noise, which is fabulous!I like the retro styling of the Meteor, and the built-in stand is great for desktops.  Less portable than the Samson Go Mic, the stand does fold neatly onto the mic for easy transport in the included soft pouch.  The included USB cable is also of ample length for easy set-up in a multitude of situations.The mute button on the front of the Meteor is very handy.  Much easier than using software to get the job done, and an amber light makes it easy to recognize it's muted.The build quality of the mic is excellent! Very solid, high-end feel.  You can use the integrated headset port to monitor your voice and adjust levels with a dial that rotates around the mute button on the front.The Samson Meteor didn't ship with any software, which while unnecessary for installation (my Windows 7 and 8 PCs automatically installed it when hooked up via the included USB), but would have been nice to have some music mixing or other similar software bundled with it.Another product I'm reviewing the:Samson C01UCW Studio USB Mic with Cakewalk Sonar LEand the Samson Go Mic both ship with Cakewalk software. The Samson Go Mic with Cakewalk Music Creator LE, and the C01UCW ships with Cakewalk's SONAR LE software, so I found it kind of surprising the Meteor did not at this price point.  For me it works out, as the others have the software and they work with the Meteor.The included booklet includes a Quick Start guide for PC and Mac, Installation how-to, the Layout (diagrams), Specifications, Polar Patten & Frequency response, and Recording Techniques for vocals, acoustic guitar, piano, guitar amp, and overhead drum kit.  The Samson Meteor Mic Warranty Card is also in the booklet.Overall, I'm very pleased with this microphone and will be using it instead of the Go Mic on my desktop for daily work which will include using Dragon voice recognition software.  I have purchased an adapter to use it with my iPad so I can play with Garage Band, and know it will be great for future screencasts.My only disappointment is in the lack of an included software package, which other Samson products (as mentioned) have packaged with them. I give this product 4 out of 5 stars ("I Like It") for this reason.  If Samson included software - it'd be a 5 star product for me.