I received these TASCAM headphones as part of the Amazon Vine review program.  I was excited to receive them, as I've looked at them many times and considered ordering due to the reasonable price point and 'professional grade' designation.I'm not an audiophile, nor am I snob about audio devices.  Any brand that works well at the right price, I'll buy it.  That being said, I've recently been fortunate enough to get to try out lots of headphones, with theBose AE2w Bluetooth Headphones - Blackbeing the most recent.Obviously the Bose beat the TASCAM ones, so it would be unfair to compare them other than to say that 'sound wise' you can really tell a difference in the mid and high range.  These TASCAM TH-2000-R 'Professional Grade' Headphones don't sound clear to me in the mid and high ranges.  Bass is great, but even when tweaking the equalizer settings I never could find the clarity I was seeking in the full range.I listened to several genres: Classical, Blues, Pop, Rock, Electronic, Country, and Latino with these headphones.  Each time, the quality was good, but not great despite attempted software and device adjustments on my iPhone, PC andYamaha RX-V675 7.2 Channel Network 3D AV Receiver with Airplay (Black).The fit of the headphones is big for me.  Usually, they are too small.  Having them as small as I could make them (top of my head to ears), the cups still dropped down a bit lower than I liked. I had to hold them in place to get a solid fit.  The padding underneath the headpiece is minimal, and after about 15 minutes of use the top of my head hurt.The build quality of these phones appears to be excellent. The cord is thick and can be extended to an estimated 6'.  The screw on adapter: 1/8(3.5mm) to 1/4(6.3mm) allows for use with multiple devices, stereo components and sound boards.  The foldable design does allow for some size reduction, but not much.These headphones will appeal to those who like heavy bass.  Great for those who want the chunky headset look, are on the go DJing, and/or have larger heads.They are not for those looking for a wide range and subtlety in their listening.  They're also not for those with smaller heads.