I will let you know that I've been using boom stands for 35 years and that I write this so you can make an informed decision. I'm loyal to the audio community and the industry has already put one of my kids through college.I see half of this stand as being just fine but the boom is not very good. I particularly don't think the horizontal axis point is very good, I mean where you adjust the angle of the boom. It's a cheap version of a simple design and I suspect the day will come that you're trying to figure how to keep it from drooping, the problem being that the surface area is much smaller creating less friction and more tightening until something's got to give. The tightening screws to slide it also seem pretty poor and I'd predict someday you'll be going from duct tape to replacing it. I base this more on my experience in sound reinforcement, which is harder on equipment than recording and because I own both types of businesses. The boom in general isn't a nice one and will always be 32 inches because it isn't telescoping and uses a pretend plastic counterweight, so you're mainly purchasing the stand. On Stage has a better line they call the 9700 vs this 7700 series.9701B Pro Tripod Microphone Boom StandJust like you can't compare the price of a used compact car with a new full size pickup, this one is so inexpensive (too inexpensive?) that price comparisons aren't what's important, so looking at Amazon today I'd probably buy the 9700MS9701TB TeleBoom Microphone Standor this one,DR Pro Mic Stand Telescoping Boomor maybe try this oneHosa MSB-521BK Mic Stand with BoomI haven't tried that stand but since Hosa generally sells good inexpensive products I'd be inclined to give it a try. I think you'll end up spending more money on your next stand and you might as well do it once instead of twice. I'd pay attention to the 2 and 3 star reviews because you'll find more from experienced users and the most helpful 5 star do not say how long they've been using it but love how inexpensive it is. Ignore that it doesn't come with a mic clip because usually they don't, clips come with microphones or can be purchased separately. All but the best stands will fall over when unbalanced, so plan on putting weight on a leg if you're using a heavy mic like a condenser or spending a lot more money. $100+ will buy you a studio boom although a counterweight, like what's used on a cymbal boom will help any boom stand and could be created with a little imagination. As for the cheap cord clips, just forget them and buy these, they'll attach to a stand or cord and work excellent (no leftover duct tape glue).Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping TiesBut understand my position, I've got stands purchased 20 years ago that I can still use and don't feel the lowest price is always the best value, but you're intelligent so you know an $80 stand used for 20 years is $4/year, I use stands almost everyday and I don't think this would last me a year and maybe only months. But if1. You don't care about a telescoping boom and2. You don't plan to adjust it much and3. You use a average weight mic or4. You're alright with replacing the boom when neededThis stand could be fine for you now if you can't budget a higher quality stand and it will surely work for some. I did give it 3 stars but 2 are for the product and 1 is for the price. So I hope all of this helps you with your decision.*I've now purchased and reviewed theOn Stage 9701Band recommend checking it out*