Guitarists have become a bunch of cork-sniffers. There are so many players more concerned with the name on the headstock of their guitar and their amp and the endless "boutique" pedals in their collections that many seem unable or unwilling to give a listen to "stock" gear, or anything that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.The fact is that if you're a gigging musician, and I am, you come to realize that all those subtle, detailed nuances of tone that so many want to obsess over get lost in the band mix, and in the poor acoustics of wherever you're playing.  Yes, we want to sound good to ourselves because that's inspiring, but frankly, I don't need $200+ dollar distortion/OD pedals to be inspired.I haven't owned a DS-1 in a long time, but recently got one because I was looking for a distortion pedal on a budget.  Frankly, I'd forgotten how musical this pedal is.  With the distortion set to minimum (it never gets clean) it's a good, moderate-gain overdrive that still lets your guitar's basic tone get through.  I play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing.  With the gain at halfway you get great AD/DC crunch.  And even with the gain maxed out you still get excellent note definition on chords.  What more could you want?  Sure, it's "old school" rock distortion. The usual "may not appeal to metalheads" caveat applies, maybe. Combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want.I also have a Barber LTD (great, relatively cheap "boutique" moderate gain OD that doesn't break the bank) and a Visual Sound Route 66, which is a tubescreamer clone (with much more gain) and a compressor in one pedal.  Both the LTD & Rt 66 have the usual TS9 midrange hump, though much less pronounced on the LTD.  What's refreshing about the DS-1 is that the strong mids are there, but the overall tone is not in the same realm as a tubescreamer, so it can sit well on a pedalboard and bring a different flavor to the party.  The tone on the DS-1 can get very bright, but as I indicated I play with single coils, and I have no problem finding sweet spots on the tone knob - I generally run it around 9-10:00.Overall this pedal is a steal - look around and find a used one for a good price. I'd considered a modtone Speedbox, but decided to go with the generally bulletproof Boss instead, for basically the same price.  I couldn't be happier.