Since, as of right now, this is the only review of this product on amazon.com, I'll try to answer any questions you might have about the EHX Pocket Metal Muff Pedal. This pedal is the model of simplicity; a volume control, a distortion control, and a switch that changes the amount (or lack thereof) of mid-scoop. That's doesn't leave much room for tone tweaking, so "tweakers" beware! That being said, Electro-Harmonix did a commendable job of pre-setting useable treble and bass tone levels that should only require minor tweaking of your amp's eq to get it right where you want it. Playing through my Fender hotrod deville amp, I was immediately shocked at how good this pedal sounded. The bass was powerful and chunky, great for heavy metal palm-muting riffs; the treble had a good bite but it wasn't harsh; and all three midrange modes sounded great, depending on the application: Want just a flat midrange for a punchy tone? Just leave the mid-switch on the flat setting. Want a slightly scooped midrange tone for a good all-round metal tone? Move the switch down to the low mid-scoop mode. Do you want to play Master of Puppets by Metallica? The high mid-scoop mode is calling your name. This pedal offers quite a bit of distortion, but I was amazed to find that even at the higher distortion levels, my tone remained clear and defined. It didn't turn into a plastic-y, fuzzy mess like most distortion pedals *cough* metal zone *cough* will. I will mention that this pedal isn't the best if you're looking for a more modern metal tone. You won't get a slightly fizzy, ultra-gain (think Slipknot) sound out of this pedal. Rather it offers a very crunchy, defined roar more characteristic of the pre-dual rectifier mesa boogie amplifiers.In conclusion, I give this pedal 5 stars because it does what its designed to do very well; this version of the metal muff line isn't designed to be highly versatile and "tweakable" in and of itself; get the metal muff with top boost pedal if you want a 3-band eq and a boost function. This pedal is designed to be a very simple, small box of pure classic metal tone, and that's exactly what it accomplishes.