I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far.The effects on this mixer have not been very useful to me, since I am running Logic, but if I ever use it live, which I may do, I'd imagine they'd come in handy. The effects are just so-so in terms of sounds: usable, but not that great, in my opinion.