This pedal does exactly what it says it's supposed to. It boosts the guitars signal. It does it really well, with very little to no noise. The thing I like most is that it is not a "sledge hammer" type pedal or overdrive. The input signal is cleanly boosted. What you put into the input comes out the same only louder. It starts with no change in the signal and allows you to raise up the gain very slowly. It just gives the signal from your guitar a stronger output to whatever you are plugging into (amp, mixer, effects or pedal board). This pedal arrived at my door on a Friday afternoon so I took it to a gig that night without trying it first (something I don't normally do). The first two times I used this pedal were that night (Friday) and the next (Saturday). I thought it worked great for my needs. A few days later I read a review that said this pedal had a noticable hiss. Since I didn't remember hearing any, I got it out at home and plugged it into my amp (I have the same amp at home that I use live). When you activate it with the tone set flat on the pedal and the volume about 12:00, there is a very sight hiss (no noise when bypassed). For me it is a very minor hiss that in live situations with all the normal room noises I never heard at all. This may not be true for all amps and maybe some high gain input amps may handle this signal differently. I know for sure it is a lot quieter than almost any effects pedal I have ever owned and I have box full from 35 years of playing. I am using a Vox VT30 which is a modeling amp with lots of bulit in effects (delays, chorus, flanger, compressors etc.) These days I don't use any additional outboard effects (except a BBA Sonic Stomp that I never turn off) so siganl from my guitar hits my amps input very cleanly. If you use various guitars on gigs, this pedal is very useful. It allows me to quickly match the various guitar output levels and compensate for differences between humbuckers, single coils and piezo pick ups on an acoustic without having to adjust the amp controls. This is a great problem solver for any rig that needs to control the input level to the amp and it does it at a bare bones price.I have owned several Behringer pedals for live work and have some Behringer rack gear in my live audio rack and in my home studio. I gig reguarly once to twice a week faithfully. I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15" powered mains). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. Don't worry about it. They are sturdy enough. (Just watch out if you are changing the battery on a dark stage. The battery goes under the pedal switch and the spring that is under the foot switch will probbaly fall out if you are not careful. (To open the battery compartment/foot switch cover just use a pen or small phillips style jewelers screwdriver and push in the black pins on either side of the pedal.)