After all these reviews I expected the Greatest Strings Ever, golden strands of Glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!Instead, I got a decent set of .10's that lasted a whole hour before the D snapped at the neck pickup. I use a PRS with a Wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings, and I pre-stretch them gently but completely. Plus I tune down to Eb for vocal and breakage reasons, so I break very few of my normal strings, Slinky .10's. Ergo, a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension, tuned down, is unacceptable, especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.As for the tone, it's definitely bright and almost too edgy, but nicely zingy all told. Yet one negative I've noticed after about 8 hours' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings, making them harder to tune. Sounds odd, I know, but when I replaced the D with a Slinky D (replacing singles ain't cheap either at triple the price, please note), I've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the Elixir strings.So, I must say I'm summarily unimpressed so far with Elixir electric strings.What's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?Especially when it costs three times more?And what's up with the tuning thing?And why do these cost so much more, anyhow? Is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string? Not when that string is toast in 50 minutes, zero doubt there.Anyhow, I've got five Elixirs and one Slinky on my main ax now, so as they age I'll get a good feel for how the Elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone, and I'll report back here in a while. And by the way, that Slinky D sounds almost exactly the same as the Elixirs, tonally. So much for Magic Elixir Tone.Don't get me wrong, I really do want to love these, as I hate changing strings, but geez guys, how about some quality control?If I'm going to pay triple the price, then is it crazy to expect triple the quality? Or heck, even just a little better...PS If you look at the D'Addario reviews (I love their acoustic strings), they respond to many of the reviews and questions. I hope that Elixir will do the same here and address my questions.[Edit: And now, after only six hours' of playing on that guitar, the B string popped at the same place as the D, neck pickup. Once again I ask: what good are strings that "sound good three times longer" if they break three times faster?][Edit: 10/31/12. Come on! After four more hours, the A string went. I only play that ax one or two sessions a week, and the next time I joked to the drummer, "Which one will go today?" He said he's amazed the G is still on, as he plays too and knows the G takes the most tension. An hour later, guess what? Yep. So that's four broken strings in less than 20 hours' play. Seriously?Not only are these not a good deal for 9 bucks, I'd be bummed if they cost 3 bucks. The only plus I can think of at this point is they sounded good when new, but dang, unless you play totally smooth jazz or some such, I'd stick with Slinkies or D'Addarios. Unless I got a "bad set", which seems kinda lame for triple the normal price. In any case, these Elixirs were just not worth the money.][Edit, 3/3/13: I called Elixir and told them about the multiple breakage, and they sent me another set. That set has taken a few four hour hard rock sessions with no breaks yet, thought the tuning issue remains. I'll add a star for good customer service and the hope that perhaps my first set was a dud. But honestly, at this price, there should be no duds at all.]