I very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews.  She's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar.  It was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging.  The only thing I have found so far that sort of disappointed me was that there were some dark stain blemishes on the white pick guard. Trying to get the stains off with a damp paper towel didn't work so I took a special soft, damp sponge made to remove stains and gently rubbed it over the spots.  They came off but the finish on the plastic pick guard is dulled where I had rubbed the stains off.  That sort of irked me.  However, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me.Despite the blemish episode, it fits her perfectly.  I tried to tune it using a clamp-on Snark tuner.  That didn't work at all for some reason so we went to Guitar Center and bought an electric guitar tuner which you plug the cord into from the guitar.  That really worked well to tune the guitar.  The tuning pegs (gears) were stiff and a bit hard to turn.  When I change the strings I will adjust them to make them easier to turn.  The strings the guitar comes with are very cheap so I'll need to change those out soon for a much better set, but they'll have to do for now.I plugged the guitar to my old Crate amp and it sounded pretty good.  The knobs on the front of the guitar turn well an did what they are supposed to do.  It's easy to control the tone and volume from the guitar without having to dicker much with the amp.  My daughter had a great time getting used to it.  She's a great classical guitarist (I teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her.  My old Strat is just too big and heavy for her and this black one looks good (despite the dullness that only I can see) on her and she was awesome playing jazz guitar in her school concert the other night.  Since this guitar is so inexpensive and is just right for a smaller person, I really can't find anything major wrong to say about it.  I'm glad I bought it, just wish it didn't come with the stains.  It feels solid, well-constructed, and not very heavy.  I like playing it too!I've ordered a really good gig bag, new cord, a Pignose amp just for her and of course, a bunch of new electric guitar strings.  She'll find the small stuff in her stocking this Christmas!  I can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!!