My first guitar ever, I am happy with it. I read great reviews here and the price seemed good. It is a slightly darker color than the picture, as others have mentioned. And the top part isn't pink like the pic, also as others have mentioned. It still looks pretty. I did as another reviewer suggested and replaced the strings with extra light ones (to minimize finger pain) I ordered "d'addario EJ15-3D phosphor bronze acoustic guitar strings, extra light" in a package of three sets. And I like those strings better. The color is nicer (though the originals weren't rusty, they looked new-- others have said their strings were rusty but mine weren't) but most importantly it's easier for a beginner like me to play with lighter (thinner) strings.I might also do what someone else said and lower the string height by filing down that one part (I am a female and it's already hard enough to press down the strings cause my fingers are shorter than a man's, especially bar chords), but for now this is fine.I also ordered "dava 6024 grip tip" guitar picks, they are nice. And I got a "kyser 6-string capo" in gold and that works well. And I got a "planet waves acoustic guitar quick release system" add-on for my guitar strap to provide more security than the just tying a string to the neck. The strap I got was a Levy's with pretty floral pattern which is comfortable. And I got a "planet waves pro winder" string winder/cutter which came in handy for re-stringing. And I bought an acoustic guitar gig bag which I haven't tried yet. And I keep the guitar sitting on an "on stage xcg4" guitar stand. And I got a string cleaner by fender.So I write all this in case you were a beginner like me and had no idea what to buy along with your new guitar. I'll be using mine to sing with, so that's why I needed a capo cause many songs I sing need a capo. I use a lot of youtube tutorials to learn how to play, and also find tabs/chords on "ultimate-guitar" website. I can tune my guitar for free from using the program on garageband (a music recording program that comes on mac computers) and on garageband there is also a great guitar tutorial video lesson series which has been helpful. I am very satisfied with my purchase. It came in a big rectangular box and inside that box was another one that looked like a coffin! Haha it made me laugh. And inside that was my lovely new guitar.