BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: If you play an Orange, Vox, or Marshall, you don't necessarily *need* an EQ pedal, but putting one in your signal chain will take your amp to the next level.Why is this? Well, the Brits design their amps with wide and musical EQ but the overall frequency response is narrow. This has led many British amp manufacturers to include specialized tone shaping buttons on the control panel because they are well aware that British EQ isn't as dramatic as American guitarists want it to be. There is nothing wrong with this by any means - it's just an overall characteristic of British amplifiers.Secondly, any tube amp loves to be pushed with boost and dirt pedals to get extra crispy overdrive from the clean channel - since distortion channels on tube amps have a tendency to compress and limit the output slightly. This pedal is more than capable of providing that boost. +15dB seems to be right amount to push clean to dirty, or dirty to overdrive, or overdrive to distortion.LIVE PERFORMANCE: If you're in a rock band that plays small venues like bars and clubs, you've probably noticed that most bands have overwhelming bass/midrange noise (100~500Hz) that drowns out the vocals and clarity of the drums or any instrument for that matter. Applying EQ to your signal chain will allow you to clean up your tone by cutting some unnecessary low-end from the picture and boosting your high-end for better clarity.RECORDING DIRECT-IN: If you're using this pedal with a DI box or simply plugging directly into your audio interface for virtual reamping, you'll be able to get a more balanced signal if you want to darken your Strat or brighten your Les Paul.WHY 4 STARS? Yes, the noise. It's not bothersome by any means, but if you're recording with a mic'd amp or direct in, you will absolutely need a noise suppressor. I use my GE-7 with the BOSS NS-2, and the NS-2 completely removes the white noise generated from the GE-7. The result is an amazing, clean boosting EQ.IF YOU'RE ON THE FENCE... go ahead and get this thing. You won't regret it. It's not just for Tone Snobs, it can really make cheap gear sound way better, and take great gear to the next level.