I left my trusty Manhasset behind on a job and was about to replace it when I came upon this alternative offered by Amazon.  As banged up as a Manhasset can get from week-end warriors like me who simply throw it on top of everything else in the backseat before the long ride home, I've never had one fail on me over the past 40+ years.  There's nothing on the stand that the user can even adjust, yet all of the moving parts always seem to retain just the right amount of tension, preventing 5-10 pound folders from lowering the top half or causing it to dip forward.  But the "rub" is their non-adaptability.  The feet on the base are permanently attached as is the upper tray holding the music.  Consequently, these ubiquitous, well-proven stands can sometimes be a challenge to pack in a crowded van or sedan, especially with a couple of keyboards, amps, instrument stands, and other requisite gear on board.This is where Amazon's On-Stage Music Stand becomes attractive (of course, it doesn't hurt that it costs less than a Manhasset).  It permits you to fold up the legs to a position parallel with the shaft as well as to completely remove the upper shelf that holds the music.  Consequently, it's much easier to find a convenient place--whether in the trunk or on the floor of the back seat--for packing the stand.  Simply "slide" it into position.The drawback--apart from durability issues that some reviewers have warned about (be careful not to over-tighten those set-screws!)--is that this thing is heavy.  Frankly, I was expecting a lightweight stand, at least compared to my old Manhasset, but if you've owned or been around the latter, the first thing you're likely to notice with the stand pictured here is a palpable, substantial addition in weight. At the same time, with the moving parts and the set screws (topped by plastic, rotating, serrated wheels), the On-Stage stand doesn't give me the same amount of confidence in its durability as did the Manhasset--in other words, I'm very less likely to become careless with it and simply toss it on top of the gear-pile after a long, exhausting 4-hour gig.Bottom line: the On-Stage appears to be a good value--a truly heavy-duty stand (in most respects) that'll do extremely well as a practice stand in a studio or living room and that packs up conveniently for traveling jobs.  But don't expect it to lighten your load or, simply because it's heavier, to last longer than a Manhasset.If you do a lot of traveling and don't plan to put one of those 1000-page piano folders on the stand, there's at least one truly lightweight (albeit plastic) stand that's worked out really well for me (perhaps needless to say, some haven't--they fall apart or they're so ingeniously designed that it takes 15 minutes simply to disassemble them and put them back in their unforgiving, pint-sized cases).  But the Peak stand is made to hold up (in turn, it holds up relatively heavy music books) and has served me well for several years (just as I was about to condemn the stand, I called the company, they responded immediately by sending out a critical plastic piece that had become warped, and the Peak stand has been problem-free ever since).  It'll cost you a bit more, but not as much as some folks are willing to spend in exchange for losing a few unwanted pounds.