Great bang for the buck clone of a Tech 21 GT-2. This pedal does not have the build quality of the GT-2 but the controls are identical and it sounds darn good (especially for the pocket change they charge).  I have not done a gut-shot comparison of the two pedals so I can not comment on how close the actual circuits and components are.  The TM300 is more than just a distortion box.  It's more like a preamp.  I find that it does a very convincing mid scooped Twin type of clean as well as a decent Marshall type growl.  I find the Mesa to be the least authentic though it is not an unpleasant distortion by any means- it just doesn't sound like a Mesa imho.  If you are looking for triple rec distortion there are probably better dirt boxes for that.  I actually have the same criticism of my Tech 21 Tri-AC (really excellent pedal!)  The TM300 works well running into an amp and because it can simulate a mic'd cab it can also be run directly into a PA or mixer and bypass the amp completely. This thing actually takes other pedals reasonably well.  It can really breath new life into a mediocre practice amp (or any solid state). It can also be stowed in a bag easily enough so that you don't have to lug a backup amp to gigs.  I find it much more realistic sounding than digital modelers but it doesn't quite 100% replicate the sound and touch sensativity of a tube amp being pushed (they haven't invented that yet in my opinion). It doesn't replace a tube amp for me personally but if you are contemplating running straight into the PA because lugging your amp is impractical this is a no-brainer. Five stars for what it does at this price.  If you are a hobbyist or weekend warrior this pedal will cover the bases.  If you make your living doing live performances (or if price is not factored into your decision making) I would advise you to pony up the extra money for the Tech 21 product because their overall build quality is much higher (with regards to the enclosure, switch, knobs, jacks), their customer service is top-shelf and they are engineered/manufactured right in NYC.  I own three Tech 21 pedals and previously owned their Trademark 60 amp and I can attest to the difference in overall build quality between their products and Behringer's.  Sound-wise they are very very similar though and I DO have much love for these inexpensive Behringer pedals.  I own close to a dozen of them and I have not encountered a single malfunction in more than 2 years.