I have been using a ZT Lunchbox Amp for about a year.  Blindfolded you won't confuse it with a Marshall stack or a blackface Deluxe but for a small, portable, solid state amp it works as advertised.  People that say it is loud aren't kidding but there are limits.  The sound from the 6.5" speaker requires some space to develop.  Up close it can be painfully loud but the sound is rather directional and it lacks bass.  I use mine for practice at home and for low-volume band rehearsals.  I played it once on stage, mic'd through a PA, but wasn't happy with the sound and switched to a tube amp with a 12" speaker.To me it sounds best with humbuckers but I've played single coil guitars (Fender and Gibson) through it with usable results.  If you are after clean volume you might be disappointed.  It only gets so loud before distortion (and noise) becomes annoying.  Players that use a lot of distortion (e.g., Metal) will get a lot more out of this amp than players that need cleaner sounds at volume.  While the ZT Lunchbox isn't as versatile as some other small amps, it is great for a "one trip" load in at rehearsals.One thing to consider is adding the matching ZT extension cabinet.  It makes a big difference in two ways: two 6.5" speakers move more air and the doubled speaker cone area helps thicken the sound.  Also, because the speakers can be angled and separated the area covered by the sound is increased.  This is a big help at rehearsals.  I point one cabinet towards myself and the other into the room.  I've tried using a guitar speaker cab, a PA speaker, and a PA floor monitor as an extension speaker but the ZT extension cabinet sounds best to me.  It's the same size as the ZT Lunchbox and they thoughtfully put the handle on the back so you can stack them.For an ultra-portable guitar (or harmonica) amplifier that can get decently loud the ZT Lunchbox is hard to beat.  But if you are particular about tone you might find that a lower wattage practice amp with a 12" speaker works better.