I am a confessed and unrepentant hoarder of dirtboxes and I like this pedal a lot.  This is my 5th Joyo pedal- I already own the Ultimate Drive, Vintage Overdrive, Crunch Distortion, and Octive Fuzz pedals.  I consider Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line to be some of the best values in stomp-boxes these days.  You've already heard the particulars about this pedal, so I won't go into the features.  The build quality does appear to be a hair shoddier than all my other Joyo pedals (which are earlier versions).  The switch seems a little less heavy-duty, and the case seems to be thinner metal.  That said, the case is still metal and isn't going to fail in any way.  The switch- well, we will have to wait and see.  For $35 or so, I'm not going to complain.  Soundwise, this product offers excellent gain for this price level.  It's not particularly suited for Pantera, but you can do modern mid-gain up to Metallica without any problems.  This is not an overdrive, so it doesn't do the 'just on the verge of breakup' thing like a tubescreamer does.  That's not what it was designed to do.  I run it into a cleanish tube amp and it sounds very good.  I've also boosted it with the following with a good result:  SD Pickup Booster, Cool Cat Transparent Overdrive, Tubescreamer (TS9,Joyo Vintage OD, Behringer TO800), Tech 21 Comptortion.  If you play rock/ hard rock through a single channel amp (like a Blues Jr, Valve Jr or Pro Jr) and you want to make it a two channel amp, this will get you there. Most people compare this pedal to the Suhr Riot.  I do not own that pedal, so I can not fairly make a comparison.  I have seen several videos comparing the two and as far as that is concerned, I hear enough similarity that I am not compelled to shell out $200 for the Riot. Another comparison that gets made is that the US Dream is close to a ProCo RAT.  I own an original 80s RAT and I don't think they are all that similar.  The US Dream has a tighter low end and more treble.  Not better or worse- just different enough that they don't completely cover the same sonic territory.  Admitedly, I don't own a newer RAT-  maybe that one is closer to the US Dream.  For what they are charging, this is another home run for Joyo-