I love small amps and have played many of them over the last 25 years. I still own a few, my favorite being the first Super Champ from the early '80s; Rivera nailed that one. I naturally prefer tubes for that true tone, but tried one of these out last year at a pal's place and was sold within two minutes. I bought one six months ago and after playing it almost daily since then I can say without doubt that this is the most versatile solid state practice amp I've ever used.For the money it's a crazy deal. I have never once used the included online stuff or the Ableton software, so those add even more value to this package, no doubt. All I wanted was a warm up amp with real tone, and this is that and plenty more. My all-time favorite tone is the clean glassy Fender late-'50s/early '60s sound, typified by the Bassmans and Twins and Deluxes of the pre-CBS era. That tone needs tubes to really sing, but to my amazement the amp modeling of this Mustang comes amazingly close to that sound without tubes. You'll always miss that tube sag but the crispness and snap is all there, especially on the Bassman settings. My Strats sound so damn good through this on clean settings, and my PRS absolutely smokes with real lease-breaking volume on Super-Sonic (dial the gain way back for a nice low-throttle roar).Having gain, volume and master lets you dial in a TON of tones with each amp model, and the two separate effects knobs let you add chorus/tremolo etc plus various reverbs/delays etc, though I find myself keeping everything totally clean as time goes by; if I can't get the tone I want with my fingers then I need to learn how to is my motto. And this amp is so accurate that I can.Above all, this Mustang is MUSICAL. For a small amp that's a real feat, but for 100 clams it's a near miracle. Add a built in tuner (the most useful "extra" ANY amp can have), good effects, great amp models, the software and more online amp models (which I'll get around to one day but so far I get all the tone I need from the amp as it is), plus 20 watts for lots of headroom, and this is a straight up steal for a bill.The only thing missing is serious bass at volume, but this is an 8 after all, not a 10, so you'll always miss some of the real bottom. But what's there is solid and tight and only craps out at top volume; only with a rock drummer will you need more roar than this provides. You could easily do quiet jazz and folk gigs with this puppy.All told, the Mustang I is easily not only the best value practice amp of them all out there now (Crate and Line 6 etc don't come close), but paired with a mini-Strat this would be the absolutely PERFECT beginner's set up for a kid looking to play anything from the Beatles to Metallica and everything in between.Can't recommend this highly enough to anyone who thinks real tone can't come in a small solid state amp. It can, it does, and it's cheaper than I can still believe.Fender truly went to 11 on this one.Leo would be proud!