First off, this is a great, classic pedal that has shaped the tones of rock and blues artists all over the musical map.  It's actually a reissue of the pedals Ibanez made in the 1980's, though there's some debate over whether or not  the modern circuitry retains all of that original tone.  In my opinion, unless you're being purposefully picky or have the most elite of trained ears, you would never be able to tell the difference.  The construction is sturdy (metal and actually heavier-feeling than a BOSS pedal).  The LED light, for some reason, is difficult to see from an angle, but that's largely an irrelevant gripe.But let's be clear what a "Tube Overdrive" pedal is and isn't.  This is NOT a distortion petal like the Boss DS-1 or Metal Zone (MT-2).  It is also not a "fuzz" pedal like you would hear on a Jimi Hendrix song.  It is not meant for heavy rock/metal/grunge type music.  If you need heavy distortion to mask sloppy playing, the TS9 is not for you.What it DOES do, however, is to boost the signal at the front end, which essentially results in a more dynamic done with additional gain.  This can result in a very midrange-heavy "blues" tone (Stevie Ray Vaughan used it quite a bit), or even a nice "crunch" overdrive tone (AC/DC) for rhythm work.  Some guitars use it simply to boost their signal without adding a bunch of additional gain.  It also works well with other distortion pedals for that purpose.Long story short - the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer really is one of the more versatile pedals you will use - just don't expect it to create every range of sounds you need right out of the box.  For a cheaper alternative, consider Digitech's surprisingly good "Bad Monkey" overdrive pedal, which is half the price and gives you more control over tone.  I've also compared this to BOSS's BD-2 Blues Driver, which is an excellent, but very different style of overdrive.  (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style).  If you start with a good amp and guitar setup, the Tubescreamer will sound great.  It won't completely transform your tone, but it will give your current tones a boost, make those solos really sing and those rhythm chords really crunch.