In the reviews for this item, there seems to be a lot of debate over what the Fender Mini Tone Master is and how we should evaluate it.  Is it a toy, or is it meant to be a serious bedroom amplifier?  Do we review it compared only to other "mini amps", or do other small combos costing under $100 creep into the discussion?  Well, I bought one for myself and the conclusion is this: It isn't the best way to practice guitar quietly at home, but it's also also fun little product at an affordable price that sounds slightly better than you'd expect.APPEARANCE/DURABILITY - Actually, the aesthetics of the Mini Tone Master are one of my favorite things about it.  This is a $40 conversation piece that I wouldn't mind having out on my work desk as a reminder of one of my favorite hobbies.  It just so happens that it's a functioning amplifier you can plug into and practice with also?  The component actually used to make the amplifier are cheap, yet are put together in a convincing way.  Take a step back and you'd swear the hard plastic housing was actually vinyl or leather.  The "grill cloth" over the speakers is a nice facade for the hard plastic facing that protects the speakers.  Actually, while the amp is cheap, it's also fairly durable.  In fact, I just dumped it off my desk reaching over to write this review, and it seems to be working fine.  (Phew!)  It should also be noted that this amp is powered either by a 9V battery or a 9V DC adapter (a BOSS pedal supply adapter will work, for example).  While the battery option is obviously nice for portability, the red "ON" light seemed noticeably dimmer with 9V's, and I can't say how long the battery will last.  If you plan to have it in one place most of the time, the adapter is the preferred way to go.SOUND - The concept of this amp is pretty ridiculous if you think about it - a one watt output with TWIN 2" speakers.  Given that each speaker is smaller than the "tweeter" on a large stereo speaker, you won't be surprised at all to hear that there's virtually no bass in the sound.  It sounds like a poor 10W solid state amp, only shrunk down to a few inches.  At the same time, that's kind of a remarkable feat for a miniature amplifier, and it puts out a fair amount of sound.  I opted for the Mini Tone Master over some other options because it actually has a fair range of tones.  Low Gain/High Volume produces pretty good clean tones, and with humbuckers and the gain turned up, it can get a bit raunchy.  Unfortunately, the tone control either does nothing, or behaves completely irrationally.  I haven't figured out which yet.  I had it at "5" most of the time, but it didn't seem to cut much treble as I turned it up.  Actually, it got the brightest around "7", and then almost became more muffled beyond that.  But again, for a $40 mini amp, my expectations were not that much to begin with.  I do like the four knobs, and the decision to make the power knob the same size as the other knobs was a subtle touch that prevents the cheaper feel of an on-off flat toy switch.I expected the speaker to overdrive/break up if you pushed it too hard, and not in a "tube-like" manner.  That wasn't necessarily the case, but there are other problems.  Something internally rattles after the volume goes above "4", and it's not the speaker being overpowered.  This is a common issue with cheap amps, and I might even pop it open to see what is rattling around.  And the sound quality isn't objectively "good" by any means, but it is good enough to play amplified electric guitar and to hear the basic characteristics of your instrument and playing style.ALTERNATIVES - The primary reason I rated this 4* instead of 5* really isn't any of the issues above (I am happy with the amp), but it's limited usefulness compared to the many alternatives for home/quiet practicing.  My favorite of these, by far, are the Vox Amplugs, which are headphone jacks stylized after different famous amplifiers.  The sound quality those things pump into your headphones is of far greater quality (and volume/fullness) than anything this mini amp could do.  Also, they are offered at $40 or $50, so it's simply a better value.  Another alternative is to plug into a smartphone and practice with software.  While sound quality and volume are often a problem with smartphone apps, the possibilities for effects, modeling, and recording are endless.If you think about recent improvements in small size Bluetooth speakers, you realize that the sound quality on a device of this size could be far better than what the Mini Tone Master offers.  At the same time, those speakers can cost up to $200, and premium sound quality was never the point of this amp.  Your opinion of it will depend on your expectations, but if you don't take it too seriously, it's a cool little device.  And, in my book, anything that allows you to practice more guitar than you would otherwise is nothing to laugh at.