SUMMARYGreat pedal, buy it, you'll probably keep it! At its price point - 5 stars. I am keeping it and it is probably going to become a permanant addition to my pedalboard. Only time will tell but I like adding some vibrato for clean sounds. It reminds me a lot of how I used to set up my Super Reverb amp. Compared to all pedals, I'd actually give it 4 stars - downgrading 1 star for the plastic case and the limited functionality of the Rise control. But I liked it so much I decided to score it "at its price point".PROS- dirt cheap at $25 for a new pedal- sounds great - does not add or subtract any frequencies or add any noise (I wish I could say the same for some $200 pedals I've tried.)- Latched/Unlatched mode -- the best feature on the pedal. I love that I can put this in unlatched mode and use it to vibrato in short bursts.- Small form factor - normal "single pedal" size- Standard power supply - 9V Center negative - runs from pedal board power or a battery- The larger foot pedal surface (compared to just a silver bullet switch) is nice for the unlatched mode useCONS- Cheap plastic case - I doubt its durability and would have preferred to pay more for a more durable case.- Latched/unlatched switch is small (hard to reach, have to bend over, can't do with a toe)- Rise control has only the most subtle impact on sound. Probably not needed on this pedal. Two larger controls for the other controls would be a better design for usability.- Like most pedals - the knobs are super small and not easily controlled with a toe, and the settings are hard to see. My favorite pedals have large knobs, well marked settings you can see from a distance, enough space between the knobs to set one without bumping another, and in the best cases, enough space, size, and durability for the knobs to be tweakable by a foot or toe bump.Suggested Redesign, "Super Vibrato" or "Vibrato II"1) Change to a metal case2) Lose the Rise control altogether3) put the latched/unlatched modes on a 2nd stomp switch so you can stomp to go between modes4) Increase the size of and space between the other two controls -- put large "foot controllable" knobs with high visibility knobs.Then again, at 25 bucks, I might just buy a 2nd one and put one in latched and one in unlatched mode.