The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the " plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs.