For years I was lugging around a large rack case with my Mackie board and a host of rack effects (reverb, delay, compressors etc.). While using the rack I had a line from my programmable guitar effects pedal (Boss) that went to a rack compressor then out to my little Vox amp (the internal compressor in my Boss ME-30 pedal was terrible). I was very happy with this set up for about 10 years but about a year ago I stopped using the rack (smaller clubs and places with too many stairs). Since then I went to a smaller PA (Soundcraft Gigarac and some active Mackie speakers)and started using that terrible compressor in the otherwise decent Boss pedal. A few months ago I took out my old box of effects pedals and built a small pedal board. This worked great but I couldn't locate my old Ibanez CS9 compressor and years ago I know gave away my MXR. I needed a compressor pedal for my new pedal board that worked as well as the Alesis.Seems like I found a winner. This MXR clone from Behringer seems to work as well if not better than the MXR and is much quieter. Some people have mentioned a slight bump on the upper mids of the compressed signal (and I agree that it is there) but it's not hiss or added noise and I like the sound. My main guitar is a mid 90's Epiphone Sheriton and it sounds great through the Behringer DC9. I can't comment of the durability because I haven't had it that long but the case is metal and everything feels solid. I don't crank up the compression too much and I leave the pedal on about 90% of the time to control the overall signal from my pedal board (My pedals in order: Ibanez TS9, Ibanez Super Tube (a 1984 pedal that was made between the TS9 and TS10) a cheap chorus pedal, Ibanez DE7 delay into a Behringer DR600 Reverb.)For $24.00 this compressor does just what it's supposed to do. It's a two knob "sqeezer" just like old MXR and just works. (No need to worry about compression ratios, thresholds, release points or attack settings). Two knobs: one to set the overall compression and one to adjust the output volume. Great simple pedal clean sound.Update: I have had this pedal now for about 1 1/2 years. I notice one reviewer said that the bass sound dropped out on his guitar signal with this pedal. I have to admit that this is true. It's not a huge drop in the bottom end tone but it is noticeable. This pedal is not something that I would use too heavily, it does a nice job compressing peaks and overall range and gives you a nice smooth sound. If you are looking for a guitar pedal to "sustain" the sound you may want to look at other pedals. This is just a basic compressor not a true "sustainer" and at high levels it will probably make you sound very "thin" as the compression ratio gets above 3.5-4.0 or higher. On the other hand most stomp pedal compressors under $80-100.00 will do pretty much the same thing. My Alesis rack compressor will knock the punch out of a signal at high levels also. The sound is clean but it's best used for a little compression, not the huge amounts needed to call it a "sustainer". Try the Behringer CS400 for more sustain.