I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time.  For those of you who do not play contemporary Christian music and are wondering what the heck I'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a Vox tone.  Because of U2.  I know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.Anyway, for the past few years I've been utilizing a Line 6 Floor POD Plus to achieve this tone.  I've been using the "Class A" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and I've never found a way around that.  I just sort of dealt with it.  Then came Father's Day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used Vox AC15C1 and I love everything about it.  Doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (AC15CC1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  Well, the AC15C1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  I've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a PCB inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in China.  So what.  It sounds very nice, especially for the low price.The amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  I cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15W amp, but not window-shattering loud.  In a church setting this is obviously not an option.  Fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy Vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  You need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the "Top Boost" and "Normal" channels.  I've opted to just use the "Normal" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  That overdrive does not interfere with the Vox tone at all.  I used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with DiMarzio HS series pickups and the Joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic Vox chime all the way.  I also used a Boss DD-5 delay (also required if you play in a Christian band - same reason as the other thing I mentioned...)  Pure tone heaven.Some have noted noise or "hiss" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  Mine did not have this problem.  Actually, I thought it did, and I was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before I realized that it was the way I had the amp set up:  As I stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (Normal and Top Boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway.  Problem solved.I'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  I've owned Marshalls, MESA/Boogies, a Laney, a Music Man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the Vox AC15C1 and the Vox can hold its own with those others.  Think of it as an affordable "boutique amp".  If you can pick one up used like I did, all the better.  Interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used Vox AC15 with no indication of whether it was a C1 or a CC1.  Fortunately it was a C1.  It's a value at full price also.  Get one.