BOTTOM LINE: The Orange Micro Terror is powerful hybrid amp head capable of driving any number of speakers you throw at it. It's low wattage guarantees crushing tube overdrive and classic British tones in the palm of your hand.WHY ONLY 3 STARS? For starters, this is what I would consider a "novelty-boutique amplifier", because it recreates vintage British sounds like a boss, but it's lack of clean headroom is evident. It's an Orange after all, and so if you want a dirty Plexi sound with only 1-channel to work with - this head is for you. Playing with a Les Paul, I tested it through a Marshall 1960A 4x12 and it sounds amazing. I also tested it through my custom 1x12 cabinet loaded with a Celestion G12H30. I was able to find the "sweet spot" on the Tone knob, which for me was around 1 o'clock, and with the Volume at noon and the Drive at max... I had entered a very musical, lush, and totally gig-worthy tone zone that Jimi Hendrix, Angus Young, and Jimmy Page would have loved to go on tour with. However, as much as I love eating British Crunch for breakfast, I consider myself a versatile player who needs a bright and heady clean channel AND that classic punch'n'crunch we all know and love AND a solid distortion for metal and beyond. Unfortunately, the Micro Terror is a ONE TRICK PONY in the Tone category, and for this (if we're starting at 5 stars) I have to subtract one star. I feel confident subtracting a star for tone because the Micro Terror doesn't exactly take pedals well either without generating too much noise, which leads to feedback. I subtract another star because this head is really only usable if you're in a rock band, already own a 2x12 or 4x12, and want something quick and small to use to rock out with. The problem is, if you're one of those people, you probably already have a solid amp head to drive that 2x12 or 4x12 in the first place. This puts the Micro Terror into Secondary status or useful as an emergency head during a gig if things take a turn for the worse. This leads me to my final point: if the intent is to purchase this as a bedroom practice or garage rehearsal head, then for the price you could get a much better product that has two GOOD channels instead of one simple (but GREAT) one.WHAT I LOVE about the Micro Terror is that it is something you can always keep in your arsenal. Having owned several different combo amps and head/cabinet variations over the years, the Micro Terror could fill that niche because it can be scaled according to your performance or rehearsal needs. If I were starting over from scratch, I'd probably buy two 2x12 cabs, a Micro Terror, and a bigger and more powerful tube head to drive both cabs if needed. This would give you perfect flexibility for band rehearsal, studio recording, small bar, big bar, club, or concert stage venues.(TO THOSE WHO THINK THIS REVIEW WAS UNHELPFUL: I've noticed this review, and pretty much any review of this amp with anything bad to say about it is getting unhelpful votes. It seems like, people want this to be a 5-Star Amp but always with the caveat of "but it's $150, what do you expect?" or they begin their rave review with "For a $150 amp...". Look, I don't judge gear just by price, I judge it by VALUE and with my EARS first. The reality is, you need a really nice 1x12, 2x12, or 4x12 to really make the Micro Terror sound amazing. If you're dropping $150 for the Terror, and probably another $150~$250 for a great cab... why not spend that $300 or so on a great ALL-tube 1x12 to begin with with 2 channels, better EQ, and the option to route to an external cab from the get-go?)