Each bx5 d2 speaker has its own amp onboard and power supply.  Want a 5 channel system - buy 5 speakers and run xlr audio to each one.  No noise or hum.  Has both trs and xlr inputs - has a knob for gain control on back.  Most importantly each speaker has an IEC connector for power to JUST that speaker.  Mine sit left and right of my mixing panel using TRS outputs which copy the XLRs - those go to my Marantz PMD 580 digital recorder w/ 32 GB of datacard memory onboard and a nice set of vu meters.  Speakers include a foam stick on bottom to prevent buzzing against hard surfaces.  There is, however, no mounting point - no captive nuts or such.You'll need to adopt a philosophy on gain.  You can crank the speaker gain to 100% and use your mixer to set the levels but ensure that your recorder gets enough signal to be in the -15 to -6 dB0 range.  It may be a tad loud - in that case you may want to set both speakers to their 12 oclock position which is 50% power approximately.You could alternately use the mixer to run near 0 dB and turn it way down on the speakers.  I like to use mine to listen to talk shows before falling asleep at night so I turn the volume way down but drive them with -6 dB0 off the mixer.Having a separate power supply and amp for each speaker makes for some great isolation.My **FIRST** nitpick is there is no grill cover on these like other maudio products have.  I will have to fabricate some protection.  My second nitpick is i owned the smaller m-audio 4" monitors where the amps were in the left speaker and the right speaker connected with twin lead speaker wire to the left i.e. not true bi amping but smaller spkrs for my mixer.  The speaker w/ 2amps died at 15 mos after buying it.  It was not the power supply as being on made the box warm, but the led surround around the vol knob would not light and you could barely hear the audio even with -3dB0 into the trs line in.  Thats a different cheaper model by maudio but i had to trash it and buy these which are much nicer!I do like this set of speakers.  From stereo to 5.1 surround they do the job with differential audio inputs.  I may get 3 more for 5 ch as i have a sub already.