This Fender Treated Polish Cloth; a soft ecru colored cloth with a cut scalloped edge all around is asimple product. The classic Fender logo is in the left upper quadrant of the cloth. The resealableplastic bag this cloth came in had a label that read, 'FENPC1' and states it's size as being, 12 inchesby 15 inches.Well, its size, as I measured it, is actually 12 inches by 14-5/8 inches. Just wanted to mention itbecause I have seen some people get mighty upset about things like this. Me, no problem. The missing3/8 of an inch is a minor detail. Go to a lumber yard some time and look for 2x4s. Now, you won'tactually find any actual '2x4's. They've been shrinking for over 50 years.I am not sure what this cloth is *treated* with but it does not feel any different than the UN-treatedGibson polishing cloths I have purchased. I also gave it the nose test. I thought there  might be a hintof, or a whiff of, some polish or something. Nope. No scent. No whiff.What I did find disconcerting is the warning in 'Product Details' section on the Amazon web page. It isthe fourth bullet down: "California residents: Click here for Proposition 65 warning."  Below is thewarning verbatim from Amazon. Kudos to Amazon for posting this warning.* ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ** "California's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that* contain chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other* reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain* threshold levels. We care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below* helps with your buying decisions.* We are providing the following warning for products linked to this page:* WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer* and birth defects or other reproductive harm."* ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *Just thought I let you know about that one. I guess the missing 3/8s of an inch  is really no big deal atthis point. You just need to worry that, in your concerns for keeping your beautiful guitar sparkling clean,you could get cancer. WoW.  Back to the review...The Fender cloth is just as soft and just a little bit bigger than the Gibson cloths but not much differencebetween the two. Well, the Gibson cloth does have a whip-stitch edging around it. Other than THAT, notmuch difference.When I use the Fender cloth on my Fender guitar there were no marks left and no smudges left. I  like tokeep the neck especially clean and polished on a regular basis and it seemed to do a good job at that. Idon't use it on the body that much because it is not as exposed to my dirty oily hands as much as theneck.So, based on the fact that Fender made a cloth that does not scratch or smudge my guitar I will give thisamazingly boring and uninteresting ecru colored cloth 4 stars. It appears to do  what it supposed to do,and that is polish your guitar without harming it.It gets one less star because of the California Prop 65 warning. I suppose I need to take this a somewhatseriously so I docked it one star. I will definitely be washing my hand right after using it.So far no harm has been done to any guitars in the writing of this review. For the future I am not so sureabout me. Thank you, and say, 'Goodnight', Gracie......Note About Vendor: GO-DPS responded admirably when my cloth did not show up on time. It was 4 dayspast the delivery date. I e-mailed them. They responded quickly and then put another cloth in the mail tome that came in an appropriate amount of time. For such an inexpensive item they went the distance incustomer service. I will use them again in the future.