Well this amp does have it's pros and cons, however the cons are overshadowed by the pros.Pros:1) Small!!!! 2) sounds like a big combo amp 3) makes overdrive pedals sound better 4) sustain 5) big bottom bass 6) HD construction and components. 7) I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback. 8) it soundsREALLY good!Cons:1) yes, it "could" be louder 2) Not "bright"Now the details,  I have a tube combo amp and in comparison the ZT is a bit on the dull side as far as presence.Its not that it does not have it, just could use more. However this is made up for when you step on your overdriveor distortion. Solos just sing on this amp.  I feel like my guitar pickups and stomp boxes sound better. The ampcompliments your rig in some mysterious way.  I stopped using my combo amp all together because the sounds so good. I also kinda detect some what of a processed chorusy sound plugged straight in when I first turn it on (seems to go away). I know it is an analog path but has some digital modeling processing internally. It also seems to have a positive compression/pumping release that make the notes sing and get louder as they ring.Volume?  For a conservative band in a small room it fits the bill. Mic'ing for larger venues would work just fine.If you're in a LOUD band, you might consider plugging in an external cabinet as it does have that option. (darn I meant to test before this review). TIP- so on youtube and some other forums guys are making the amp louder by plugging a blank cord into the1/8" aux input on the back. I tested this and yes, it does go louder for whatever the reason. (I'll be getting a blank 1/8"jack to put it that aux port) A small but very noticeable volume increase. If you need to be LOUDER then I suggest the larger ZT, but its double the price. A friend of mine has one and he no longer uses his mesa boogie or marshall amps anymore. The 12 club ZT is super loud.I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback.1-100 I rate this a 98% gear head satisfaction. Remember we are talking about a lunchbox with a 6.5" speakera tremendous feat of technology to get that much sound out of a little box.Check it out the reviews on youtube.PART II -Ok, the extension cabinet option: Hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. However do NOT use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - Turn the switch off. It WILL overheat the amp and start acting weird. I found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. I would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. You'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but I would not recommend it.