What more can you ask for at roughly $25.00. This is a very useful guitar compressor. It is a simple compressor, that's it. Easy to understand with responsive controls.I use compressors quite a lot. In my PA rack I have a Yamaha rack compressor and an Alesis rack compressor. In my home studio there are compressors in my 24 track DAW and in my computer I have the T-Racks Deluxe mastering software with several VST classic analog compressors like the Pultec as well as VST optical compressors. I only mention these as a way of saying that I am very familiar with compressors and adept at using them. I have a pretty thorough understanding of compression ratios,attack and release points and I have learned to use them sparringly and with care. The Behringer CS400 does a good job as a straight guitar compressor. It is usefull for taming levels from your guitar and boosting your signal which adds punch to the signal presented to your other effects and ultimately to your amp. In recording circles you often hear good engineers say that if they can hear the compressor working, it's not being used correctly. The Behringer CS400 is quiet, almost transparent (unlike the Behringer DC9 I discuss below). Yes, it is plastic but it's fairly well made and unless you are really rough on equipment with a little care it should last a few years. If you are putting it into a pedal board it should last a long time.If money is not a concern go ahead and spend more on a rugged pedal made of metal but expect to pay somewhere around $75-$100.00 and up (Keeley,MXR, Digitech, etc.) Unless you go over $100.00 I don't think there will be a difference in performance and even then it will be subtle. If your signal path aready has hum and static, this pedal will not change that and actually may increase it because that's what compressors do-lower high signals and bring up lower signals for a more uniform sound. If you want to just smooth out your peaks and tighten up your sound with more punch, this little Behringer CS400 will do it.(Behringer also makes another compressor pedal in the same price range the Behringer DC9. It is all metal and attempts to clone the classic MXR pedal. I personally would stay away from this pedal for live use. I bought one and found that although it gives you great sustain it also colors your tone and seems to attenuate your low end quite a bit on the higher compession ratios you need for long sustain. You can dial in more low end on your amp but if you expect to turn the compressor on and off on different songs you will hear a tone difference. I don't use the DC9 when I play live but I like it on my guitar when I record using my VOX VT30 amp. I like it better than the built in compressor on the VT30).