I have a collection of guitars that exceeds well over 100. I have guitars that cost thousands of dollars and I also have some cheapies. Some of the best sounding and best playing guitars are the "Cheapies" I've been dealing with Musician's friend forever. Rogue is Musician's Friend's brand. Music 123 is a Musician's Friend affiliate and they also sell Rogue guitars. I have several different models of Rogue guitars and I'm impressed with all of them. The Rogue RA-090 is an entry level dreadnought acoustic guitar which is every bit as good if not better than the Fender Starcaster. Here's the good part, the Rogue is about half the price of the Fender! Many people think they want to learn to play a guitar until they get one. Once they realize it's not as easy as they thought and it hurts thier fingers,they quickly lose interest and the guitar gets stored under the bed to soon be forgotten. If you're not sure if you're serious about learning to play, this is the guitar for you. Even if you're an intermediate to advanced player, you still can't go wrong with this guitar. It has a deep rich tone like that of a much more expensive instrument. The finish and workmanship is also like what you'd find on a more expensive guitar. They look, play and sound great! Many people tend to shy away from Rogue guitars because of the low price. They figure a guitar that cheap can't be much good. That's where they're wrong! You have to actually play one to understand what I'm talking about. Once you play a Rogue guitar, you too, will become a believer. This is the kind of guitar you can take camping to play around the campfire. If it happens to get damaged or stolen you're not out an arm and a leg. I love Fender guitars and they are among some of my favorites, but for an entry level dreadnought acoustic guitar, the Rogue is a much better value than the Fender and equal if not better in quality. The Rogue RA-090 comes in a variety of color choices. If or when you decide to sell it, you can usually get back what you paid for it.I give Rogue guitars my highest recommendation and promise you will not be disappointed it you buy one. I've been playing guitar for 51 years so I should know what I'm talking about. I do not own stock in Musician's Friend, Music 123, or Rogue guitars and I don't get paid to endorse them. This review is my honest opinion.