I have lots of friends who play these strings. Some love them more than any other string, and some are like me. They're clearly good strings, and I love the way they play and feel on my fingertips, but I can't get past the sound. It could just be about how the strings sound on my particular guitars, but in any case, I'm not happy with the sound and that's why I have a hard time giving them a solid five-star rating.I tried these on two separate guitars I play regularly, and wasn't terribly impressed with the sound on either. One is a vintage dreadnought mahogany guitar that normally has excellent tone, and is crisp, clear and fairly loud. These strings softened the tone, which I wasn't looking to do. They sound okay, but nowhere near as good as the Martin SPs I use to really bring out the best in that guitar.I also have a cutaway electric/acoustic I use to sing with because it's fairly quiet, and the softer tones don't drown out my voice. These strings made the guitar even more quiet, and there was a considerable drop-off in tone quality as well. They might have been cheap, old strings, because I couldn't tell that there was anything special about them. This particular guitar didn't have spectacular sound to begin with, and these strings did nothing to improve it. I like strings to either sound as good as other strings, or improve the tone and pull more from the guitar. These strings did neither for me. However, they sound just great when the instrument was plugged through an amp.Based upon my experimentation, I would guess that if you have a great sounding guitar and you're not a fanatic about slight drops in tonal quality, you'll love the way these strings feel and play. I rate them excellent in that category. But for me, tone is 80% of the equation. I'd play wire-wrapped rope if it sounded better than regular strings. In the tonal category, these strings fell short. On a guitar with excellent tone, I noticed a distinct drop in tone quality, and on another softer, more muted guitar, tone quality vanished.In the final analysis, if you're a picker and your guitar can be plugged in, you'll love these strings. If you're really into great acoustic tone and your guitar doesn't have stellar tone to begin with, you might gain some 'playability,' but you will most likely experience a slight drop in tonal quality.