It is so hard to get an honest review of any mike that isn't a Shure SM58. This is considered the gold standard by which all others are measured. Of course at least part of this reputation is deserved, but perhaps more for the durability of the SM58 than its sound. I have a couple of SM58s and a couple of PG58s. I was considering the SM48, but the PG58 has slightly better specs, and almost identical price.The first thing I noticed out of the box was that the PG58 is slightly bigger and slightly heavier. It also has a different switch than the SM58. The metal screens protecting them aren't interchangeable. I then plugged in one microphone cable so the settings would be identical. I tried both mikes, one after the other, first with speaking and then with singing and playing guitar, and then I changed the settings, or more specifically, the effects and the EQ on the PA. I repeated the experiment, speaking and then singing while changing between mikes.Here's what I noticed: The SM58 is slightly flatter in the mid range. The PG58 is slightly brighter and has a touch more presence. They are about equal on volume. The slight differences in tone can be easily manipulated with an EQ or just ordinary tone controls. Neither was susceptible to much feedback or vocal pop.I haven't tried out this side by side comparison in a live situation or even in practice, as it's too time consuming and interferes with playing. It's difficulty to judge in those situations too, or at least awkward, but I have used a combination of the two in practice and no one seems to be able to tell the difference, except one person actually expressed a preference for the PG58, but that could be just the settings.I looked at the specs for the two mikes side by side. The SM58 is a little flatter in response, especially at the high end, over 10K Hz, and it picks up a few dB before the PG 58, somewhere between 50 and 60 Hz. However, since the human vocal range is generally between around 300 and 3000 Hz, neither of these seems likely to have much effect, although the SM58 might be a tad more responsive for a bass singer.I also tried out two different Behringer mikes and a Radio Shack mike. The Behringer 8500 was totally outclassed by both of the Shures, sounding tinny and thin and with little presence or volume. I tried out a Behringer 2000XM and was impressed by the similarity. These mikes sound almost identical (The B 2000 and the Shure SM). The Behringer 2000XM seems to have been discontinued, though, and replaced with the 1800XM, an inferior mike offered in bundles of three for under $50.I then plugged in a Radio Shack mike that was a spare backup, not even taken out for practice. The model number is 33-3001, probably also discontinued. This was an excellent sounding mike, with good volume, presence and tone.I didn't have any other mikes to test in this side by side experiment, but I did reach some conclusions:There is quite a bit of snobbery in choosing microphones, with the Shure SM58 held up as some unreachable standard. They ARE sturdy, and they are good mikes and the price is not unreasonable, at around $100. However, there are other microphones which sound nearly identical and are also sturdy and reliable, at lower prices, including the Shure PG58, and most likely the SM48, though I didn't have any of those to test.I wish more people would give unbiased reviews based on actual performance instead of condescension toward those who are either on a budget or looking for alternatives to the standard bearer. I'm giving this 4 stars only because I haven't had enough time to give an evaluation of how this holds up in comparison to the SM58.