Always looking for that elusive perfect capo, light yet strong and dependably firm?You just found it.This is an exemplary capo. No surprise, as it's designed by Ned Steinberger, who understands what it means to strip a guitar down to the basics. It's made of serious aluminum and the spring is super-solid. The tighten feature means you can put it on your guitar and then tighten it so well that it won't come off again until you loosen it. No slippage here! This also lets you move the capo further behind the fret so it's even less in the way of your hand, a very useful feature which most other one-hand capos can't offer.It's an easy on-in-seconds design that is as slim and simple as it gets. The rubber is well-bonded and looks unlikely to pull off for years at least, unlike many cheap capos. It sits well on any six-string, though is not flat enough for a classical. But most of us use capos mainly for acoustic and maybe a bit of electric (unless you're Albert Collins, who always used one and would have loved the tightening aspect here), so this will cover all your basic capo needs.It's got a little slot for the D'Addario brand tuner, but I use a Snark and these two go together well; put on the capo, activate the tuner on the headstock, tune it up, and away you go, perfectly in tune in seconds while using a capo! If you've ever suffered onstage while switching frets with a capo, this is a godsend combo. The capo also has a little pick slot, which will comfortably take up to about a .73 mm pick. It fits .60 picks perfectly, by the way.This NS Artist Capo is well worth 20-25 bucks, and since I got it my Shubb and Kysers have sat lonely in the corner.If you haven't ever experimented with capos, try them out. They can really change the way you play your guitar, and may help you find you sing better than you think, as we all have our best keys, and a capo can help you find yours. I love playing bluegrass licks in G while capoed at the second fret, for instance. The extra zing and crisper tone make me play different licks and it's almost like another instrument. This goes for every fret, pretty much, up to about the sixth, where it gets a little cramped.All in all, this is the best capo I've ever used, especially for this quality at this price.