This looper distinguishes itself by really only doing one thing but doing it really really well at a very affordable price.  To record you simply press the button and the led will turn red, continue playing.  When done simply tap again and the LED goes to green and plays back.  At any time in the looping process if you want to overdub simply tap the button and record and tap to finish.  No need to line it up with the loop, it places your overdub exactly where you played it in the loop.  If you don't like the take a simple press and hold will erase the overdub. Want to stop and clear (two presses and press and hold) and your back to a clean slate.  I don't know the limit of overdubs but I haven't reached it.  The amount of time for the looping I believe is 5 min so you can record an entire song and overdub to your hearts content.  The tone preservation is excellent and haven't noticed any issues there.  You can get a nice variety if you put this at the end of your effects change so that you can record a rhythm that is dirty and crunchy and overdub and record, then turn off your distortion and overdub a very nice clean lead over it.  If I have something I like, I then output it to Sonar to play with some more.Pros- Small, very easy to use (1 level knob and a stomp button), designed by guitarists and it shows, true bypass and plenty of room for recording.Cons- You may consider lack of battery a con, I don't, everything goes on the effects rack and is powered through AC.  No drum track or click track but then again, the aim for this device was to keep is simple, I believe.UPDATE: I was having an issue with the looper one night being able to record but not hear myself.  I contacted support and their response was quick but they basically said it sounds like it is broken, replace at the store which I did.  It worked great then one night again, I couldn't hear myself recording.  I played for about an hour with different configurations, it seems not all 9V AC adapters are equal.  Out of the 4 I have it only liked 2.  When I used that adapter it seemed to work just fine.  So beware if you are having an issue you might want to look at the 9V AC Adapter.