I have purchased several amps over the last 7 months (see the reviews). I attempted to move to tube amps becuase I wanted to set up a pedal board and dial in my own effects. And really, any reading you do on web pages will eventually take to tubes. I went Vox AC4 and realized I didn't want a tube that already has a defined and limited sound (no fault of the amp - I just had to experience it myself). I also didn't want a modeler impersonating a tube. I loved the Orange Crush, but it was totally unreliable.Enter the ZT. Holy-moley. The amp has limited gain available to give you traditional tube behavior. Nice break up, very reactive to your playing and literally miles of clean head room. But unlike those tube amps - my pedals can come into play and I can manipulate that clean sound at any level without losing a bit of clarity or depth. It also has an iPod jack, headphone jack and ambiance (i.e. make it sound kind of boxy). It does not model. Like the Crush or Roland Cube, it has it's own voice. I've heard it compars to a Fender Tweed in tone. I guess I can see that, but it still has it's own voice - which is important to me in any amp. I should note - an AC30 or Fender Twin or high end 1x12 Tube still are louder and much fuller. But we're talking $1000+ tube amps.I don't have the matching extension cabinet because I just don't need it. It is REALLY loud. I have a Mustang III and it gets destroyed by the ZT. At 75% volume on the dial, I can hit my DS-1 and actually make out the notes. That is something the Vox AC4 or Fender Blues Junior cannot do without getting muddy. It is fully giggable. I haven't played live with it yet, but in a rehearsel environment, keeping with a loud drummer is no issue. A friend plugged it into his Marshall 4x12 and it was thunderous. Really, just stupid powerful for $300.For blues, jazz or light rock, it's brilliant right out of the box. It not only can do medal with a pedal board, but check youtube for videos of the Lunchbox being played in a live setting by a metal band. It has tube power in 10 lbs with solid state flexibility. I would also encourage anyone to scour the net for reviews and video. You simply will not find a negative thing about the ZT Lunchbox anywhere. It really is a solid state aimed to take prefessionals away from their bigger, heavier, more expensive tubes. If you play effect laden music, boy are you going to have a hard time walking away from the ZT.If there is a drawback - $300 for a solid state amp that really needs external pedals to shine could be a turn off for some - especially for players looking for a swiss army knife for an amp. Roland, Fender, Line6 and others still have that niche dialed in.