I purchased this compressor pedal kind of on a whim. I was looking at some nicer ones, and decided to give it a go for only $20. It came in the mail today, and i was surprised that basic-ness of the packaging. Very little instructions at all actually.This DOES NOT ship with a 9 volt battery, and putting one in yourself is kind of a pain to change, as you have to get a philips screwdriver and unscrew 4 corner screws on the back to do so. (wish there was a plastic back, or thumb screw option)This pedal is really quiet, and not in a good way.Don't expect to boost your signal level with it, with the makeup gain/output knob all the way up and the sensitivity all the way down, it was about the same volume as the original signal, only a little noisier.Did not seem to be a tone sucker in the chain/add any noise when off. Most compressors add a little noise or hiss when on, due to the nature of raising the noise floor.It also has a SUBSTANTIAL treble boost/low cut going on. even with the sensitivity knob all the way down, it kills your low end. It is quite bright sounding.With that being said, it works wonders on single string/double stop stuff on the already trebley stuff played on the G, B, and E strings, and makes them sound tight and full.It does seem quite durable, The case isn't made of cheap plastic, which is a good thing.Though not as rugged as some of the other pedals I would own.The switch and inputs seem a little cheap though, granted it was a $20 pedal.I feel using this pedal on tour might be a bad idea, however for home/non daily-use i could see it lasting a while.The LED is really bright. Almost so bright, that when you're looking to adjust the controls, it makes it somewhat hard to see what you're doing.All in all, if you're looking for a cheap compressor to boost your  treble strings and give em some extra punch, this may be the pedal for you, especially if you only have $20.If you're looking for a warm full bodied compressor, this is not the choice for you. You should really wait and get the MXR Dyna Comp for just a few bucks more.