I've been playing guitar for over twenty years now and I've tried just about every guitar string in existance and even these Elixir coated strings.  I've come to realise that the benefits for a slightly longer life barely makes sense given the much higher price you have to pay for it.  Eventually, all strings corrode and lose their lustre and if you are a professional playing gigs, you change your strings so often anyway that to pay much more for polycoating doesn't make any sense.  If you are the kind that occasionally takes out the axe then maybe this would make a difference but what I do is I get the least expensive ones and make sure I wipe down and clean them, even using products like string cleaners and Fast Fret to reduce finger squeak if necessary and my strings last for quite some time as well except at a much lower cost.Few people know this but only a few guitar stringmakers exist in the U.S. and many of them that are retailed are actually the same strings with different brand names.  Granted Elixir probably isn't one of these as they try to make hay with the time they have left on their patent of this polycoating technology but my thing is why pay so much more for strings when the benefit you get is really not so substantial as to justify the price?  I myself use generic Kyser stings for my classical and acoustic guitars and Memphis Electrics for my electric just because they are the cheapest I could find on the web and my sound has not been detrimentally affected in any way.  In fact, you are much more likely to improve upon your sound by using better amps and guitar cables than you are with strings; at least most people would be able to hear the difference.  Don't get me wrong these Elixir strings are not bad but you are much more likely to get a better sound by improving your technique (practice), getting better cables, pickups, amps, guitars etc than from just using these strings.  For better string life, just wipe down and clean the strings before and after use.  This discipline once a habit is good enough.Peace!