I was considering a $100  K&K pickup to amplify a $40 pawn shop guitar I have grown fond of,  I bought it to take to the beach and camping, places where I would be too nervouse to bring my expensive guitar.  I couldnt justify spending over double for a pickup than I did for the guitar so I bought this and am glad I did.  Arrived in one day, and I first experimented with different placements using the double sided adhesive  that came with it on the outside of the guitar, plugged my cord into it un-installed and played around for 20 minutes,  you'll notice a huge difference in sound from inch to inch.  Found a sweet spot near area &#34;2&#34; on the weak instructions.  I drilled my hole using a straigh bit because my end pin was screwed into a mahoghany block almost 1&#34; thick,  I didnt want a tapered hole from a reamer,  I wated a straight hole.  As others have noted,  it was impossible to fit my arm through the soundhole, so I inserted a philips screwdriver through the end pin hole,  and slid the jack onto the tip of the screwdriver to help guide it out through the hole after first slipping on the plain washer and then the friction washer with the little teeth to dig into the wood and hold.  Because you cant reach in there and hold the jack steady while tightening the outer nuts,  they give you holes through the threaded jack (very easy to go un-noticed)  I was able to spin the washer and nut on the threaded end,  and secure them by holding the threaded portion from spinning with an ice pick or awlinsde the jack through one of the small holes while I tightened the nut firmly.  Took 3 trys before I had it adjusted to the perfect length so that when I spun the nice little finishing cap on over the threads,  it tightened down just right with the threaded portion flush with the cap for a neat appearance.  Too much and it sticks out,  too little and theres not enough thread to tighten this cap on,  you adjust the length of the installed jack with the nut on the inside of the guitar,  theres plenty of threaded jack there to accomodate any thickness of the block of wood at the tail of the guitar where the 2 sides meet.  Plugged into my fender acoustasonic 30 and Wow was blown away by the sweet sound, I am so glad I saved a ton of money!  Ordered 2 more for my other guitars,  Even one for my nylon stringed acoustic since the pickup is not magnetic.  I will say this the output is very low, nessesitating that I turn up my amp to almost 10 to fill my livingroom,  this would not work for playing out without a preamp,  but I like that theres no battery,  and I plan to buy a strap mounted external preamp that I can economize and use one preamp for my 4 guitars rather then installing 4 preamp equipped pickups in all my guitars at $100+ each!  Terrific bargain for the price!!!