Everything keeps improving, and getting better, faster, and cheaper, but at this price point their isn't one available that isn't a compromise in one way or another. First off if you are planning on buying the US-322 don't. Buy its bigger brother the US-366. Getting an optical connection and additional ins and outs for such a little bit more money, as well as 192k makes it a no-brainer. To get optical (on the 366 only) at this price is great, but the A/D D/A converters leave a bit to be desired. On the other hand the mic pres are pretty good, have distortion ratings, THD of only 0.0045% and with 24 Bit/192KHz recording make these the best sounding interfaces put out by Tascam to date.What I meant by a compromise is that even with interfaces that cost 3 to 5 times this price most of them have either good mic pres, and weak clocks, or vice versa, and some work with Windows but not so well with MAC and once again vice versa, etc. I researched interfaces for a long, long time, and considering non-crash reliability and a dozen other factors I finally sprung for anRME Fireface UFX USB 2.0 or Firewire High Performance audio interface 30 in, 30 out. Now that's an interface. I have been running it with Pro Tools 9 since 2011.Pro Tools 10- Professional audio recording and music creation softwareis out and Pro Tools 11 is now being released.So if you are looking for an inexpensive interface expect some compromises in one area or another. Rather than slam it out with performance specs under a microscope, I would rather provide a review helping those who are interested in setting up this Tascam US-322 or 366 so you can save a lot of time trying to figure it out. Sometimes a little help makes a huge difference in the amount of time saved. So what I did was load, and register the free and included Cubase LE6 complete with activation and eLicense registration and installation as well as installing the Tascam driver, and doing updates for both. I know a lot of the reviews here just downloaded a driver and used their existing DAW in order to test out the interface, and therefore they didn't need to spend much time with it. I don't blame them; the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. So get out a cup of coffee because installing this complete package doesn't happen in just one hour. So here goes...If you have Windows Vista you are probably out of luck because the system requirements list Windows XP, 7, and 8. I am sure the omission of Vista is not a mistake. I know myLogitech AudioHub Notebook Speakersare non-functional in my Vista laptop if you are running Windows Media Center in it as well. It works in Win 7 just fine. So I installed it in my desktop running Windows 7 64 bit and it gives you the option of installing in 32 or 64. In addition to Cubase LE 6 it also installed AI Elements 6 as well as Agent One Content, Groove Agent One, Vintage Beat Boxes, Steinberg Drum Loop Expansion 01 which took a good amount of time to load, as well as Steinberg Halion Sonic SE 64 bit for AI Elements. I then had to activate and register Cubase LE6 which involves installing the latest eLcc, creating a Steinberg account (which is free and they don't ask you for a credit card). They provide you with an activation code after you register.I have an iLok for Pro Tools which is a USB device that enables you to run the program. Cubase does not require that you have one, although they have an equivalent looking device, but fortunately they have a software based equivalent. They do this with an eLicense which you will then update to version 6.5.4.1122. There is an eLicense control setup and you have a Soft eLicenser number that you will use in order to generate the Activation Code generated at the Steinberg site. What came on my disc was version 6.05 which they instruct you to immediately do an update, which I did to version 6.07.So we install the Tascam interface next which comes on a separate DVD. Included with the interface is a 5 foot USB printer style cable. You will need to install the driver disc before connecting it to your computer. Windows 7 recognizes it but fails to automatically load a driver. So install the driver off of the disc first, and then do the update. It took at least 15 minutes to do that update. What flashed on the screen was 154 megabytes and then all you see is an install screen with a scrolling series of round objects moving. At first it says, "This is going to take a long time", and they were exactly right. It almost tempts you to think something is wrong, because nothing is happening other than the scrolling, and then finally after ten minutes or so a dialogue box comes up and says, "Do you want to install?" and you click continue, and then it comes up again in another minute, and this happens a few times, and then finally it changes over to an installation finished box. (I have Verizon FIOS and usually download huge amount of data in a flash). Then you reboot.Now this is important. Plug the US-322 directly into an available USB 2.0 port and not into a hub, even if it is a powered hub. It simply won't work. I tried it and the light wouldn't even come on indicating USB. When I went direct the interface lit up and it worked. The manuals also warn you not to use it with USB 1.1. The US-322 comes with a printed Quick Start Guide. There is also an owner's manual for both the Interface, and Cubase that are available either on the DVD, or by Googling the same and they come up as a PDF download. If you are new to setting up interfaces be prepared to do a good deal of reading. There is a driver to choose, input and output settings, as well as going into Windows Control Panel/Sound in order to choose the interface for playback, and recording. If you're new to these kinds of setups just take your time, and don't be dismayed if something doesn't work. All it takes is for one button to get pushed and Wahlah you have sound. For example in Cubase there is a monitoring button without it you won't get any sound from the headphones. If all else fails you can go to the Tascam web site by Googling Tascam US-322 and then click on the support tab, and they have a "you pay for it" phone call number in order to help you. Hope this helps.PS: The real killer deal right now is Avid Pro Tools 9 bundle with the MBox Mini which is another limited interface but you are getting Pro Tools 9. Plus purchases of this bundle made after 10/2011 that has pro tools 9 will be able to have a free upgrade to pro tools 10 if you register your product with Avid. Considering what Pro Tools goes for by itself, and what the MBox sells for individually, and the bundle even comes with the iLok you can sell it used for what you are paying for it, and even more than you are paying for it if you take advantage of the discounts I have seen pop up as much as 20% off the already low price. Then you have Pro Tools 9, and 10 full blown versions, none of this LE stuff, and an interface, and can grow from there. This Tascam interface works great with Pro Tools. These Pro Tools 9 bundles are discounted to make way for 11, and I am seeing music stores running out of them. They are clearing the shelves preparing for 11, but it has bugs. I rarely purchase totally new versions until they have time to season some, and get feedback from users. After some time, and more updates, I will be browsing the shelves for discounts on the upgrade to 11; maybe in another year. PT 9 is all I need.