UPDATED 3/16/2014After owning the 2i2 for over a year and encountering many difficulties I am revising my once gleaming review.The 2i2 is a simple set-up. Pretty much run your monitors into the line outputs, connect a mic or (apparently) a "low-headroom" instrument to it, run the USB cable to your computer and set it up within the DAW described parameters. It would have been nice to know that the included Plug In Suite is not a stand-alone program, and that it functions in tandem with Ableton Live Lite and that it could be found it in the Plug-Ins section of Ableton, but I figured it out EVENTUALLY regardless. (Ableton itself is rather dodgy, and seems to crash constantly.) Sometimes the 2i2 seems to lock up completely, so as no audio is being produced from my monitors!I wasn't sure for a very long time if this was USER ERROR, an Ableton problem, or the fault of the 2i2 and its drivers, so after the gazillionth crash, I screamed "Ballsdogit!!!", and purchased a license for Reaper. After going through the painstaking setup and acclimating to the new DAW over the last few months, I began to realize that my monitors no longer "lock up", but that the drivers for the 2i2 are indescribably pathetic!!!I had to tweak the living daylights out of Reaper just to get an audible sound out of my monitors. Now I'm in there and the FX do not work with the focusrite drivers. Garbage focusrite! Everyone I know that has Reaper raves about the plug-ins, and the greatness and ease of the setup regardless of the interface. I have yet to experience a crash, but I also have yet to experience any recording time.Seriously, I started reading on the Reaper Forums about problems encountered with the 2i2, and came across a response from David@focusrite actually saying that "you should not use this setup to record electric guitar..", and that if you need to record electric guitar you should "get something with more headroom like the 2i4." That is just unbelievable in my eyes!I'm sure I could run this through my mixer and get the lacking headroom and just use this paperweight as a bridge gap between my mixer and laptop, but why should I have to after dropping a buck fifty on this miracle? Besides that, I'll more than likely still have multiple problems with the drivers!This device is clearly marked for both XLR inputs and 1/4 instrument ins. There was no warning of headroom limitations anywhere in the documentation, and I researched audio interfaces for several weeks before deciding on this unit. I feel lied to and disrespected as a customer, now stuck with an irrelevant piece of outdated technology. HOW IN THE HECK DOES THIS THING HAVE A NEARLY 5 STAR RATING!!!????The good side is that the mic pres are nice and warm. I have a bunch of different mics and the 2i2 (when not crashing or locking up the monitors) seems to handle all of them well. I constantly check for driver updates, and have the latest drivers for the 2i2, but without a doubt the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is probably going by the wayside along with my faith in focusrite and their products.Sorry focusrite, you dropped the ball here.