What you need to know about this mic:1) This mic is very directional. You must keep your mouth in the sweet spot at all times for best results. Pulling back an inch gets into tinny muddy territory, and an inch too close makes for a strong proximity effect. I found that a palm's width from the tip of the mic works best. As long as I keep my mouth there, the results are predictable and good regardless of the room I'm in. Also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. Aimed too high (like at the bridge of the nose) sounds sneering and nasal. Right at the upper lip works well for me.2) The bass cut and presence boost are convenient. Use a plastic thing like a guitar pick to switch them, as metal will scratch it. I've played around with the switches and in the end both set to flat was best. Initially I thought the presence boost was a good idea, but in a mix it made my vocals too honky in the upper mids. Flat's where it's at. Flat sounds most natural.3) Being a dynamic, it won't sound as open and airy as a condenser might. Though it takes EQ well, and you can EQ that in. If you remove the foam and use a pop filter, you do get more highs, but after working with that for a while I realized it doesn't always sound right, seems to unbalance the highs above 5k toward sibilance a little too much, but it might work for you. After using it for a few years, I learned that starting with a bad mix that is too bright or blaring and then adding in the SM7B on vocals causes the mic to appear dull and muffled, but really it's the mix that's the problem. Whereas if I start with the vocal sound and make it clear and natural, and build the mix around it, the mix turns out to have a natural sound that's not too bright or dull either.4) Yes, it rejects room sounds more than a condenser, but not gobsmacked amazingly so. It rejects what's behind and to the side, but in front it's pretty sensitive. So if you're singing with an echoey room behind you, it will pick that up. So don't think this will make you sound like you're in a dead control room, unless you actually are in one. Hang some blankets or acoustic foam behind you and you're set. Being that it records about twice as dry as a condenser, it takes reverb pretty well in a mix, meaning you can add reverb and delay without having your vocals drop too far away and undefined in the mix.5) So what does it sound like? The sound is *very* natural and true to my voice. It truly is a vocal mic first and foremost. That plus the dry/up-close characteristic are this mic's top selling points. It works fantastically on death metal growls and clean singing atop sparse/acoustic/clean backgrounds. It does have slight color in the mids; I agree with the frequency response chart indicating it has a slight scoop 400-900Hz, slight boost 1000-2000Hz, but it's still natural sounding despite that. The color is tailored to the voice: reduce the honky boxy mids, accentuate the main vocal intelligibility range. That's one reason why this mic is considered "flattering" on vocals. It still has body though, definitely not a thin sounding mic.6) This thing is heavy and rugged. The capsule is surrounded by this truncated cone-like metal screen enclosed on all sides. The screen is like the kind you see behind microwave oven doors. What I like about this mic is that I can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. So it's actually compact in practice and quick to set up with one of those detachable mic adapter mounts. Even without the adapter, it has a convenient free rotating collar to screw it onto a mount/stand so that you can hold the mic in place while screwing it down.7) This mic needs 50 dB gain for loud singing, 55-60dB for quiet singing, 65-70dB for whispering. Make sure your preamp is designed for at least 60dB of clean gain. Some cheaper USB interfaces only go up to 35dB. If your interface lacks the juice, no worries, get yourself a CloudLifter and it'll add 25dB of nice clean gain and it's phantom powered too.Overall, I would prefer a condenser in a good room since it allows me to move a little more without coloring the sound, and because it has a more openness and air compared to this one. But since my room isn't perfect, this will do. The biggest pros are that it's natural sounding and that even with reverb and delay it stands out in a mix. It's especially good on spoken voice, as it was designed for, since unlike a condenser the SM7B does a very good job of not picking up as many mouth clicks, mouth noises, and background hissing.In the end, if I had to get rid of all my mics and keep only one for vocals for the rest of my life, it would be the SM7B. Mainly because I know I can conveniently use it anywhere, anytime, and get reliable good results.EDIT 2014:  Forgot to say, when you listen to mic shoot-outs on the net, often times the tip of the SM7B will be positioned the same distance as the condenser. This is a problem because the SM7B's diaphragm is actually back a few inches. So the condensers will be closer to the talent (or lack of talent) than the SM7B in such cases, causing the latter to sound more duck-ish, honky, un-detailed, or thin due solely to distance factors, and is thus not characteristic of the intrinsic mic color. In shoot-outs where the proper distance was used, you'd be surprised how much the SM7B sounds like a good condenser. It really does. Of course it may be missing air (or conversely, be less prone to sibilance) but as I said below you can *easily* EQ that in, since this mic takes EQ very well. Seriously, a 2dB shelf in the highs. Another thing I wanted to add, is that the gentle bump in the 1k to 2k region (for vocal definition) that his mic has, can sound slightly honky or strident or blaring depending on some sources, but again you can EQ that down a bit. And finally, when Shure says this mic has a flat response, that's not true, it has color and the frequency response charts show it. Yet, the color gives it a larger than life natural sound on voice, so it sounds natural even though it's not completely transparent and honest.