I purchased this mic to use for screencasts (recording what's happening on my PC's screen while I talk about it).  I set it up to sit on my desktop, approximately 2' away from me and usedCamtasia Studio 8 [Download] and a free program called CamStudio to test it out.  Both programs worked well with the mic and did what I'd hoped it would do - eliminated my need for a clunky, wired mic headset.The build quality of the mic seems excellent, and the compact design is fantastic!  I love that it comes with its own carrying case and that it can be on a desktop or clipped to a laptop's monitor.KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer.  You get 30 days to register it.  I installed it and registered it immediately, but it would not allow me to put in my registration code, saying I wasn't the system administrator.  I am, and my Windows 7 PC says I am, but alas, it wouldn't work.  This software is optional, but I decided to install it prior to the microphone (per instructions) to try it out.  Eventually I ended up uninstalling it.Soon after installing Cakewalk, I had a PC issue: muffled audio recording.  No amount of system tweaking seemed to fix it.  I was stumped.Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic.  The generic ones installed were from 2010.  No luck.I began reading online about 'muffled audio' on Windows 7 PCs.  Somewhere I noticed a name I recognized: RealTek, which was a name associated with my speakers on my PC (RealTek digital audio).  I went to the RealTek site and noted updated drivers for Windows 7 64-bit (2012), and decided to download and install them.  I rebooted my PC and tested out the audio recording once more. Much to my delight, this solved the muffled audio problem!I did set the bitrate to the highest level for the best sound quality recording.  Afterwards I tested out the mic using Camtasia and CamStudio, both worked beautifully with the Samson Go Mic!On my desk at a distance of about 2.5', this mic pics up my voice perfectly for dictation and screencasts.  No hiss, hum, breath noises or distortion.  Very clear and with the properly installed drivers for my audio - works perfectly with the USB 2.0 connection on my powered USB hub.CONCLUSION: BUY IT FOR GREAT RECORDINGSThis mic is a truly great if it's recognized and properly configured by your system.  Impressively clear recordings, unlike any I've been able to obtain using aPlantronics .Audio 655 USB Multimedia Headsetor the mic on myMicrosoft LifeCam Cinema 720p HD Webcam - Black.For the price, I don't think you can do better.  It's compact, has great voice pick-up and audio recording clarity. Installation issues may occur, but updating audio drivers, using a powered USB hub connection and tweaking audio settings within the operating system should give you the quality you've been hoping for at a price that's right.UPDATE: 12/30/13Been using this mic consistently for a couple months and I'm liking it.  It's a condenser mic, and doesn't filter out ambient noise as well as I'd like, however for an under forty dollar purchase - I'm still very happy with it. Cakewalk never has registered correctly with my system so I uninstalled it.  I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase.