I love Tascam gear, and have used it for nearly 30 years. I was excited to try out this interface and see what it could do. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.While the construction and mechanical function of the device itself were good, the actual function with the computer left much to be desired. Also, the complete lack of a manual with the one I got made it very difficult understand the functions. (Sorry, but with a device this expensive and which includes 2 CDs of software, how hard would it be to include a full manual on the install CD?)There was a very small quick start guide included, which basically just named the various switches, inputs, and outputs, and gave extremely sparse directions about using the software mixer screen. I was forced into trial and error to see if I could get a serious recording in anything remotely resembling a multi-track mode. I could not. I could record and layer multiple tracks (I was using Audacity, didn't want to install Cubase), but I could not get playback from the previous tracks while I also had live input. Now this could have been my computer or Audacity, as it is an older Win XP machine, but it played back multiple tracks without problem.There was nothing in the mini-quickstart guide to address this, or even hint where one should look, other than going to Tascam's web site. I'm sorry, but that is just not good enough with a device this expensive. There should be a complete manual, at least in pdf, included with the product. If I am going to use this to do serious recording, the last thing I want to do is waste huge amounts of time digging information out of a website, or worse, from "user community" threads in some blog.Which brings me to another minor complaint - no Linux drivers included. I use mostly Linux, with only one Windows machine for software which I can't get on Linux. I wanted to try the software under Wine on Linux but was under time constraints.Then there are the generic problems with software interfaces replacing hardware. With a hardware mixer, I can access as many controls as my fingers can handle (3 or 4 on some mixers) at the same time. Computerized mixers can only do 1 thing at a time, and one must be constantly moving the cursor from one thing to another to access controls. The controls on  this interface were very fussy, and you have to position the cursor just exactly on a very small portion of a button to get it to react. I found it very tedious, and again, no actual instructions were included to help with that process. With a touch screen, it might be easier, but then why not just use buttons on a real mixer in that case? (Yeah, I know, touch screens are COOL.)Also, software based functions are always limited by your computer and OS, and that means everyone can have a different experience - consistency is much harder to maintain.I am old school, and find hardware mixers far more responsive and useful. I know that lots of people are all excited about having software versions of hardware in their computers, and saving space, etc., etc. I value function over fashion, however, and that is what I have always liked about Tascam gear: it was supremely functional. This software falls far short of what I expect from Tascam, and the lack of a manual for the interface is inexcusable.Good mixers, especially for multi-track recording, can be complex and difficult to learn. The layers of signal interconnection can be hard to understand at first, and takes some time to get comfortable with. Old Tascam manuals actually used to have a certain amount of instruction in multi-track recording, which was helpful to aspiring recording artists. Not so here.I had really hoped to give this 3 or 4 stars, but sadly, it only rates a 2 (2.5 if I could) for me. Come on, Tascam, you can do better than this.