With the exception of the MC-1 classical, Fender has upped the quality of every low-end guitar it's associated with. The latest &#34;bargain basement&#34; Squier Strat Bullet is no exception. As other reviewers have indicated, a Squier Bullet...straight from the box...is ready to give guitars several times its street value full-on competition. But why stop there? If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I'm a serial hot-rodder. And THIS is my favorite 'victim'. Why? Because it's such a sound platform to begin with (pun intended).The basic stuff on the Bullet is very good...and for many, it's all that's required. But let's quest after some serious, big-league sound. The first things to upgrade are the pickups. The standard ceramic-magnet Squier pickups do yeoman's work, but they're wonderfully eclipsed by top-drawer pickups from Lace and Seymour Duncan. My favorites? A Lace Red Dually bridge with a single Lace Hot Gold parked half-way between the middle and neck positions. The Lace Hot Gold value pack with a Hot Gold Hot bridge pickup. And the Lace 'patriot' Red, Silver, and Blue value pack. You simply have to hear the difference these pickups make to believe it...and all you need to find out is a Phillips screwdriver, a cheap soldering iron, some low-temperature solder, a pair of wire-cutters, option YouTube 'how-to' videos, and some patience.But wait a minute, hold the phone...what about the stock pick guard? Please memorize this: Chandler Guitar's Pickguard Heaven. Better yet, Google it. They're wonderful folks and they do excellently-affordable work. With a custom pick guard, virtually ANYTHING is possible (e.g. how about a Seymour Duncan Dimebucker bridge?)!The next thing to do is to block the tremolo (whammy) mechanism. Proper vibrato comes from the fingers. Period. A small piece of oak from Home Depot, carefully whittled (not for the guitar's sake, but for your finger's) can be easily wedged between the guitar body and the die-cast tremolo string-carrier by removing (and eventually replacing) six Phillips screws on the back of your Strat. Hey, now you're Eric Clapton.If you want bold-as-brass sound, the stock plastic nut can be replaced with a brass Strat nut, a bit of careful filing, and a tiny touch of epoxy or Gorilla glue. Why bother? A more forward lead guitar sound. If you play rhythm, don't bother.Finally, if you're a monster about precise tuning and have basic woodworking skills, the very good stock tuners can be replaced with state-of-the-art six-inline tuners from several manufacturers. Note well: most folks will be more than well served by the stock tuners.So what's then point of all this? For the price of one genuine American Strat (which is a VERY nice ride if you can afford it) you can have three or four, arguably-equally-excellent Squier Bullets with a diverse mix of pickups and resulting sounds.