Unlike those who have complained that they dry out fast, I have always gotten much longer life out of them than the product promises. What I can't tell you is how well they actually meet humidity ideals because I've never monitored the humidity in the case to see what it is and if it is on par with what the manufacturer says. I have taken it pretty much on faith that they deliver what they say and they have read some endorsements by people like Bob Taylor of Taylor guitars that they work. Bob has too good a name and no incentive that I know of to be frivolous about endorsing such a product that might not work, so, I take it that Taylor had his lab people check them out thoroughly to be sure of Humidipaks effectiveness before Mr. Taylor would give them an endorsement. That was good enough to sell me. But I didn't just buy it because Bob Taylor says they work--they occupy a very cool niche which I was hping someone would fill. Planet Waves Humidipaks are for the person who is willing to spend a little extra to not to have to keep fiddling around with water, sponges, gauges and those Oasis water bag and just have something that you can dispose of and replace every so often. That's what I want. Sure, water is free. But it evaporates fast and it's a job to keep having to take care of. So, is it worth it to buy a disposable thing like this that you don't have to mess with? Or do you want to save $15 or so by doing all that work wetting sponges and whatnot weekly? I'll gladly pay the extra few bucks not to have to worry about hydrating my guitars and cases but once avery 6 months.None of my guitars have shown any signs of humidity issues and I have lived in New York City and Virginia Beach in the years since I've been using the Planet Waves Humidipaks. One accolade that I will give Planet Waves is that they did recall the product a few years back and promised replacements when the new model which resolved a potential leakage problem was released. That re-release seemed to drag on for a while and when I contacted Planet Waves to gripe, they sent me a check for the "list" price of all the units I had returned to them. Well the list price was three times the retail price at the time and that was a bit of a minor windfall at the time for me which impressed the heck out of me and I used the money to buy their other humidity products in the interim to humidify my guitars. But when the Humidipaks were available again they sent me replacements ANYWAY. That was really being treated well by Planet Waves and I have never used anything else but Humidipaks since. Humidipaks give me peace of mind that my guitars are being humidified and I'm more than satisfied with how long the paks last.