These cables work very well at transmitting sound. So why only three stars? Well, these are far from the most well thought out instrument cables you will find. These are stiff, thick, and heavy. While that's good for most analog cables, these cables are so stiff and heavy that, for instance, a portable tuner or a small stomp box might easily be moved around just by having one end of this cable in there.With so many amps having plastic jacks these days, you have to wonder what kind of stress these cables might be putting your amp jacks and pickguard-mounted output jacks under if these cables can fling a tuner around just by being plugged into one. I mean, let's face it. You never know what will happen at a gig. Sometimes you're playing with a 12 foot cable when you should have a 18 foot cable. A cable shouldn't come out because of a gentle pull, but if it's between the cable falling out and it moving a bass head around or you tripping on it, you want the cable to fall out. If everything you have is heavy or Velcro'd to the ground, this isn't a problem, but it is for me. I feel like when you're playing with these cables, you're worried about stepping on the cable not because you want to pull it out, but because it's seriously like a trip wire out there.Lastly, these plugs are huge. That's not really a problem if you play a Strat or a Tele, but what about a P-Bass or a J-Bass where the plug comes out at a right angle from the body? This is going to stick out a lot, and to loop it around your strap, it's going to be a huge, stiff, cumbersome loop. I know people often buy 90 degree plugs for those kinds of instruments, but most normal straight plugs do just fine. So yeah, if you like to move around on stage, get more flexible cables. You'll thank me.These cables are just poorly thought out. They'd work great as patch cords, or keyboards, drum machines, from pedal board to amp (as long as you have a metal jack). Monster has a cable that costs half as much but works twice as well for actual instrument use, and at that price, Pro Co cables are also excellent, and they have brand name plugs, as well.