I've used electronic tuners for a long time.  Most of them that I've owned you have to plug into your instrument.  That means they don't tune with a microphone but only with an electronic signal directly from the instrument.  I bought a Korg GA-30 that was about the size of a credit card with a built in microphone to tune acoustic instruments about 8 or 10 years ago.  I used that Korg until getting the Snark.  The Korg was durable and fairly accurate but the LCD display wasn't lit making it tough to read in low light and the needle seemed to jump around sometimes for no good reason.  Still for the money the Korg was a good deal on a tuner with a microphone in it's day.Enter the Snark SN-2.  This Snark will tune about anything.  It will tune either by vibration clipped onto the headstock of a stringed instrument or don't clip it to the instrument and use the built in microphone.  Clip it to a music stand, clip it to anything and it still works when you use the built in microphone for a guitar, upright bass, violin, saxophone, trumpet or even a tympani.  Use the vibration setting for tuning an acoustic or electric guitar or ukulele or mandolin or banjo without interference from other sound sources.  It tunes about anything no matter the notes or key you want to tune your instrument to.  It senses the entire scale.The Snark SN-2 has a well lit, clean and bright display that is easy to read in bright light or total darkness.  The display pivots to any angle.  It is very light so it adds very little weight to the headstock.  The battery seems to last a fairly long time, longer than the 9-Volt battery in my tuner pedal that burns through pricey 9 volt Duracells at the rate of about 1 per month.Long term durability seems to be a question to me due the small pivot on all the Snark clip-on tuners.  I've only been using mine for about 2 months now and while the pivot part seems sort of fragile I've had no issues at all yet and it still works good.  I don't think you should drop it very often.  So far I've dropped mine once with no damage.  Even if it did break, 10 Snarks are cheaper than the rack tuner I have and the Snark is just as accurate.While long term durability is undecided I can't complain at all about the versatility, accuracy, high visibility display or the low cost.  I really like mine and use it everyday on an electric bass or a ukulele or a guitar.  It really gets around and tunes them all.  The color is sort of a metallic red, almost Candy Apple Red.  I ordered spare batteries but haven't needed to change one yet.I'd buy it again and suggest one as a gift for any musician that doesn't have one.  I'm sure they'll use it often.  This tuner is a real good buy at a good price.  Spare CR2032 Lithium batteries are less expensive on Amazon, so I suggest ordering several with your tuner so you'll be prepared.I've never used the metronome feature other than to check it out.  It flashed a locked tempo but I really don't need that feature.