I love this capo. Let me tell you about my capo journey where I've used every brand while searching for this one. First, I always owned the old Dunlop Toggle Action capo which is just old tech, you know, where it's just a bundle of synthetic cotton fiber, the kind one used to use before 1980. I had to go back to that when my first Planet Waves black THERMOPLASTIC capo broke. Don't buy those if you live in a damp climate like CA. Each one I bought broke, one broke within a week, during the winter rainy days. So I loved those capos, they were perfect, but I was done with the breaking, so I figured I'd try others instead despite my love for the Planet Waves design (I didn't know about the silver aluminum one yet). Well, I hated each other one I tried. Kyser, if you have had carpal and/or are small handed, you know what I mean, you don't want a capo that involves squeezing really hard so that your hands are in pain and then you don't want to play the guitar. I really hate the Kysers (I know some folks love to squeeze and use them, that's fine, different strokes right). Then I tried the Schub, you have to be kidding me. OMG that thing is so ridiculous, it pops off, it wiggles about, it is tricky, I hate it. Now, I know many folks are Schub fans who give me a drive by downrate, I'm not saying it isn't great for those who love it. If you love the Schub, you love it unconditionally, and I respect that, all I'm saying is that design is not for me and many other folks like me. There are other models that fail similarly to these 2, they make you squeeze so hard it does hurt for those like myself with sensitive hands, like the G7, I did fall in love with it until maybe the 5th squeezing and then you have to hurt your hand by unsqueezing it apart to put it back on. Awk~ward and painful. Sorry to be such a softie and a crybaby, but if you have carpal, you know what I mean, you want to go easy on the hands and arms, and not brutalize them. The other thing I've always hated about the Kysers (and again it may be that my smaller physique is involved) is how it gets in the way so chording with a capo is a lot harder. That's just dumb. Kyser lovers either accept that as a challenge or don't mind it or claim it doesn't do that, but you know what I'm talking about. Ok, so then because of all the broken Planet Waves thermoplastic capos, I turned next to Dunlop's turnscrew models. I liked them, they are very similar to the PW design, but the screw location is more awkward to use, and turning their screws is a lot harder on the fingers (got the ripped and pained fingertips to show for it). So, I turned back in search for a better Planet Waves model. This is it, right here. The silver one is excellent, and it's made of aluminum, not thermoplastic. I bought one and it has lasted me almost 3 years now without a single problem. By now, in contrast, I would have run through 3 or 4 thermoplastic ones. I want to say that if you are performing in a public venue, never use the thermoplastic ones, because my thermoplastic ones dramatically burst and flew across the room, and could easily "poke someone's eyes out". Not kidding, don't use those in public situations. Back to the excellent aluminum silver PWaves capo. I love it, because it doesn't break, not at all, and has all of the great thermoplastic model features that make it the best capo ever (especially for us sensitive folks with carpal or small handed people etc). The great features are:1. Ease of use and easy fitting are perfect, the best of all capos. This capo fits so easily. Simply put it on the fretboard and the location of the screw is perfect-- you never have to move the guitar or your hand more than a couple inches, unlike the other screwtops or all other capos, there's no need for any moving around, adjusting the guitar, falling down due to balance issues and then chasing a falling guitar, sheesh none of that nonsense. You put it on and they've engineered it brilliantly so you can easily get it on, move it from fret to fret, put it where you want, and screw it in with great ease! Wow, best ever in this category. Ease of use is tops, ever!2. It will never hurt you, it only helps. It weighs nothing, is easy to carry, you can slip it onto the peg area, it just is so light. I still can't believe how light it feels.3. It does what it's supposed to, that other capos don't do. No issues with being in tune, just screw it in to the level of tightness you desire, no wrestling around like some capos do. The screw is in the most easy location, and the screw itself is nicely made so it doesn't hurt your fingers at all when you screw and unscrew, it's a breeze. No problems with the size, it's so small, it doesn't get in your way on the fretboard. You won't have to do hand yoga in order to play capo'd songs, it is FLAT (I know, what a concept!). A capo should always be flat and out of your way so you can play chords, not pretzeled twister instead of chords. Now, I play capo'd songs all the time because of this capo, and it is so much fun musically, a whole new magical experience. The truth I've found is that good equipment matters in music making (I never played acoustic guitar as well or as much until I got my first Applause guitar with great action. I have a Yamaha I love now (since the Applause necks break), but both guitars taught me that you have to have good equipment that's easy to use (in the case of guitars, great action is imperative. In the case of capos, ease of use and no pain produced is imperative, and it opens up the world of capo use, the magic of the mathematics of music theory.)If you love the other brands, don't diss me, I know it's perfect for you, and I'm happy for you that it works perfectly for you, because when you have the best one for you, you will shine with your music and I will enjoy listening to you play. But those of you who have sensitive or small hands or have carpal know what I'm talking about, you won't settle for the torture of Kysers and Schubs, gotta be kidding me. I bought every capo imaginable (need to have a garage sale to get rid of the pile) but ended up that I was using the old toggle type again instead until I found the aluminum Silver Planet Waves Capo. Planet Waves has made the perfect capo now, no more issues, just easy fun playing capo'd songs. Again, only buy the Silver model, because when/if you get silver, you are guaranteed to get aluminum, not thermoplastic.