I play 1-2 nights a week in a midi-assisted duo. Our PA is a pair of Mackie 15" Thumps (powered) on the floor and Behringer 12" B212D (powered) on stands with a Mackie board. We adjust the PA to the room by adding or reducing the number of powered speakers. In larger rooms we have a regular pair of floor monitors but in smaller rooms where you are stuck in a corner between the coat rack and the waiters station (you know the spot where they generously removed two small tables) we don't have space for floor monitors. These smaller jobs have become much more common and I needed a compact yet powerful monitor. Since we work with midi sound modules to reproduce the drums, bass and assorted extra instuments, it is very important that we hear these sounds clearly. The Behringer monitors do the job well. The overall sound is clean and clear, the speakers are light and portable and for me the boom stand adapter works well. I compared the Behringers to their "clone" the Mackie SRM 150 and frankly I couldn't hear a major difference with my MP3 player playing through them. Obviously Behringer cloned the Mackie's and did a good job. They have all of the same inputs and outputs as the Mackie's and look almost exactly the same. I have owned a pair of Behringer B21D powered speakers for about three years now and they have been knocked over and mistreated (accidentally) and still work great every night so I am a fan of Behringer gear. In the end the real difference was the price. The Behringer's go for $150.00 while the Mackie's go for about $250.00. The choice was simple; since I couldn't hear (or see) a major difference I bought the Behringer's. I have only had them for about two months but I have been pleased so far.Update: It has been a couple of months more since I started using these monitors and have even purchased an additional one. I still love the sound and all of the other things I posted above but: forget about the boom stand adapter. It is very difficult to get lined up so the mic is facing you and because of the angle of the monitor itself which is not adjustable the boom will not stay in place. I am using a good quality telescoping mini boom that is not very big or heavy at all but it will not stay up. Save yourself the headaches and just carry another mic stand. Other than that these are great monitors.