I am a beginner and wanted a set that I can learn on, but would also allow me to experiment with other percussion instruments besides a rock drum set and would take a small amount of room and allow low volume levels.  I've had this set for about a month and a half.  So far, it is working well for me.  The rubber drum and cymbal surfaces are great for keeping the volume low enough when playing late at night.  Each drum and cymbal seem to have sweet spots where I imaging the triggers are.  Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced.  The impression I get is that most electronic drum sets have some kind of problem or another, so it seems to be whether the problem(s) are something you can live with or not.  Also, you can't play with the same nuance and control as an acoustic set, but for the price it goes a long way to making it seem real enough that I can enjoy it and feel like I'm learning the drums.  It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it.  There are a few problems that I'm not likely to encounter until I become really accomplished.  One is that when playing the snare rim shot and either the hi-hat or tom 1 simultaneously, one or the other will not trigger a sound to occur about half the time.  I found this out when playing these combinations rapidly, which I'm not likely to do maybe ever.  But it is still an error in functionality.  I called Alesis and they said this was a common characteristic of this model drum set.  There is a firmware update that has been mentioned in earlier reviews that I, but it didn't make any difference.  In summary, for the price and my needs, I am very pleased with this drum set.  More expensive sets with more sounds and better nuance control don't have the rubber surfaces that I want, plus, according to reviews they all seem to have problems of some type so spending more money doesn't necessarily eliminate problems.