I revised a previous 4-star review after playing with the Joyo British some more and especially after using it for direct line-in recording.  I now rate it at 5 stars.The phrase "Marshall in a box" gets thrown around a lot, but usually the people using it have a particular Marshall amp in mind.  For example, the Wampler Plexi-Drive sounds like an older Plexi, while a MI Audio Crunch Box will do that 80's JCM compressed high gain tone.  On the recommendations of several people, I picked up the Joyo British Sound hoping it could clone the full spectrum of those different amps.Does the British Sound succeed at that goal?  Yes and no.  On certain settings, the British Sound does offer a convincing, tube-like sound reminiscent of a Marshall cabinet.  You can clean it up quite a bit, and it works very well as a "foundation" pedal, placed last in your effects chain to give the amp Marshall "character", but boosted by other overdrive and distortion pedals.(Note: The pedal is actually its own preamp, so the recommended use of it is to plug it directly into the power amp section of a combo amp, or into a PA system or mixer directly.  You can use it in  the effects chain into another preamp, but that will diminish its effectiveness)But despite those good traits, there's just a few things "off" about it.  First, it seems to add quite a bit more noise ("hiss") than some of the other Joyo Sound pedals.  Or perhaps it's just more noticeable due to the fact that this is supposed to be a "Marshall", so i turned it up.  Second, as several other reviewers noted, the Voice control seems exactly backwards of what it should be - turning clockwise makes it sound thinner.  On the other three Joyo Sound pedals, the opposite is true.  Functionally, this really should mean nothing, but it does make it a bit more confusing to dial in.If you read the manual for the Tech21 British (upon which this pedal is supposedly cloned), they claim that 9:00 on the Voice/Character knob would be JTM/Bluesbreaker territory, 12:00 would be Plexi, and anything above that gives you the "presence boost of a 70's Metalface".  I haven't tried all those amps, but perhaps it's meant to brighten up as you turn it up, and that's just a design choice.I think it's possible to get the "Marshall" tone you want out of this thing, but you have to work the EQ knobs with each adjustment of the Voice knob.  At this price, hard to complain too much.