First of all, let me say, from some of the pictures I have seen posted of this Pop Filter, when put on a Yeti mic stand, the clamp will fit on the stand as pictured. This is a design flaw, not with the Pop Filter, but with the Yeti stand, as this filter has been around long before the Yeti came out. Blue, or a clever do it yourself person, could easily fix it, by drilling more holes into the side of the clamp mount. Then you could move it forward and simply screw the side mic mount screws into the stand. There are many great pictures of other clever fixes, as well.  Since I have mine hanging upside down, on a boom stand attached to a Blue Radius Shock mount, this is not an issue for me, but I will say it is a problem Blue should fix. (I have written an addendum on the bottom, for a great fix.) Other brands of filters will give the same, if not more problems. I am not going to knock any stars off, because I'm reviewing the filter itself, which is superb and how it works for me.Now for the meat. This is a studio grade, high quality product, all metal, except for the two tightening knobs. The dual screen design eliminates any plosives, P's and B's for example, better than any screen I have used so far. This is especially true when, the screen distance is about an inch from the Yeti capsule screen, and you are 4 to 6 inches away from the unit itself, which I have found to be the Yeti's sweet spot in the Cardioid pattern. Next the silk screened Blue logo also helps you find the sweet spot, if you place it in front of the capsule area. I like the idea of a metal screen, especially if you are transporting it, you won't have to worry about snagging,or runs, as you do with the cloth filters. Speaking of old cloth filters, I have a Neumann, which is about 12 years old, a very nice screen as well, but it does not cut the pops as well as the Blue, especially if you get closer to the mic and screen. Also when reading copy, or maybe music, I can see over and through the Blue filter, much better than the round 6 & 1/4 inch jobs Like the Neumann. You can contort the neck of the filter in any position easily, cheaper filters I have used in the past, will creep back into unwanted positions, the Blue behaves. The Blue Pop is absolutely transparent, no muffling, as with foam filters, The curved design of the Blue Filter also protects the sides from plosives and possible proximity errors of a poorly placed screen or none at all. The screen is a solid build, as are all of the Blue products I have used so far. It also fits the look of the Yeti and Radius Shock Mount like a glove. Surprisingly, I paid a little over $30.00 on Amazon, a real bargain in my mind, for such high quality. This filter is for all the Blue Microphones by the way, and I am going to use it on my entire collection of mics!10/7/11 AddendumIf you need to use the Yeti as a table top mic, especially if you are using a shock mount and pop filter (any brand), I would suggest buying aSamson SAMD5 MD5 Desktop Mic Stand, which works great for this set up!