I love my MXL 2010 microphone for its versatility, warmth in capturing the voice, and build quality. Most reviews I've read of MXL microphones have always emphasized it's clear and warm qualities it brings in our voices and instruments. The MXL Studio 24 aims at the consumer whom seeks a high quality condenser microphone without the usb interface. It keeps recording equipment minimal, literally connecting just through the usb cable. In short, the MXL Studio 24 has an excellent build (stand & microphone), easy to use software, and clear recording capabilities.Features:1) 22mm Condenser Capsule (not very big, but will suit most people)2) Cardioid pattern (I recommend also looking at microphones with figure 8 and omnidirectional patterns if those suit your needs better)3) Zero Latency monitoring (a bonus feature that not all condenser microphones have)4) Frequency response 20 Hz - 20 kHz (My MXL 2010 has a 30Hz - 20kHz. The 30hz merely means it can capture even more lowest lows)5) Output 1/8" headphone jack, USB audio6) High pass filter 120Hz, 235Hz, 465Hz (software controlled)7) Lightweight 340gThoughts- Very impressive build. It's built like a rock & has a very fine finish. The grill and the frame around the grill are solid. I was surprised at how heavy the base was. It has a flat cone shape and definitely keeps the microphone in place. It's not some cheap plastic.- The recording capability is parallel to my experience with myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Mic. The clarity and power isn't nearly as good as the MXL 2010, but is certainly close. Using an USB interface, a condenser microphone gets more power and you are able to tweak the settings a bit more. With USB, it's a bit more set for you, but that may suit some people perfectly. If you want minimal tweaks out of the box with some occasional tweaks later with the software, this is a solid option.- Easy to use. Plug it in via USB and you literally on your way. The software installation is optional. The microphone works without it. Windows 7 64 bit detected this microphone with no hiccups.SummaryThe MXL Studio 24 USB microphone is aimed at users whom seek higher quality recording with an excellent build. There are certainly cheaper USB condenser microphones, but not many compare to the build and durability of MXL products like this one. To me, the fairly luxurious price of the MXL 24 is justified with it's excellent build, clear recording, and the ease of use. If you're not too sure about getting this USB condenser microphone or any USB microphone for that matter, I recommend getting a condenser microphone (non-USB) and plugging that in via USB interface. If you need any guidance at all with that process, I'm more than willing to help out. Cheers