I compared this to a C1 which is pretty good for half the price.  I also tried two MXLs.  One V63.  This is much better hands down even if it costs 2x as much.  I noticed the difference on guitar.  On vocal it picks up a fair amount of noice around you.  But I realized that it's normal and the other mike just didn't pick stuff up which is worse.  The MXL v67g sounded warm on vocals and not too bad on guitar but if you got too close it gave you this fake low voice and that's just like taking the AT2035 signal and modifying it after you've recorded it.  Besides the bright green and gold was a little too much for me.  I tried the CAD M179.  That did better on the treble side but seemed to miss the mids.  I heard the AT2020 wasn't as good as the AT2035 so I went for it.  And it's more than the switches difference which I don't use anyway.  I didn't like the switches on the CAD M179 either.  It's confusing and I do gain or filter in my DAW.  I considered the NT-1 but at 80 bucks more than the 2035 it seemed like they were very similar.  At the end I'm satisfied with the 2035.  It's a work horse and costs a fraction of the more popular studio amps that have only a subtle difference to me.  I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's.  But this time I caved in because I don't see anything that competes at my price range.  For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same.  I can record my acoustic or electric guitar out of the cab or sing in it.  My challenge is to not get it to record echo in my room.  I've removed the door on my closet, put a shower curtain with a down comforter on it and record in there.  Ridiculous setup but I've save hundreds in insulation costs and hours of doing that.  For most vocals recording I don't use the closet.  Just use refir and some recording tricks to remove any unwanted noise.  So if things don't change this is my choice for best vocal and instrument microphone in the 100-250 price range.  Nice solid construction and vibration mount included.  It's rugged and I like it.