I should start by saying that I did not buy this from Amazon. Not that it's a bad price, but I got a discount on an open box demo unit at a local Guitar Center for $179.00. I've seen them cheaper for used ones, but I wanted a new one with a warranty.I am using this amp for an electric violin and for an acoustic violin with a pickup. I wanted the cleanest sound, with bare bones controls and that's what this little champ provides. Most of the time, I use it with the Gain on 1 or 2 and the Volume past 5.It's very cool that it has 5w, 1w, and .1w settings. I haven't seen that in any amp in this price range. The 1w setting is perfect for my studio, and the .1w setting is great for using with the headphones jack. The 5w setting can really crank out the volume.You could spend about $100 more and get a Vox AC4 series all tube amp. That's another amp I was considering. I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. But the Vox doesn't even have Reverb like the Bugera which has only a single pre-amp tube. And the Vox is 4w, while the Bugera boasts 5w.I know if I plugged an electric guitar in and cranked the gain I could get some lovely distortion, because I've tried that with the violin. The digital reverb has a spacious feel. I love reverb and wouldn't buy an amp without it.It seems to be built well and only time will tell if it holds up under daily use, which I plan to do. When it comes time to change the tube, there are many choices for a nice upgrade to something better than the stock Bugera tube. I've even read online where people drop in a different speaker, but in my opinion the Bugera 8" speaker is just fine and sounds like a bigger one.All in all, I'm very pleased. I also tried the Bugera V22 all tube amp at the same Guitar Center. But, that's way too much amp for me at this time. If I were to fill a large hall with sound, that would be the way to go. The V22 is sweet. I had never heard of Bugera until I tried that model and was really impressed. Another option is to unplug the speaker in the V5, (yes, the speaker has a plug and a jack!) and drive another speaker cabinet, which Bugera also makes. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack.The Bugera V5 is perfect for me, and I wouldn't go down to the smaller Bugera BC15. I think Bugera has hit the nail on the head with quality and value, and I'll be looking into other products made by Bugera/Behringer/Music Group. The seem to be all the same company.