I've had several PODs and have never really been impressed with their tone. Right out of the box, the HD 500 totally blew me away. I know their marketing calls it "HD" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the HD series and the older PODs. I can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older PODs without much tweaking and NO EQing (although one can tweak the tone with several EQs).One complaint with the older PODs (that I agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. This is not the case with the HD 500. I've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.At first, I purchased theLine 6 POD HD 300because I didn't see the value of the HD 500. After thinking about it, I decided to pick up the HD 500 and compare the two pedals. I definitely think the HD 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. There are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. The wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (I could be wrong, but I DO remember them being different). The dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the HD 500 are amazing. I'm sure I'm forgetting some differences, but I know I'm happy that I went with the HD 500 over the HD 300.The drivers seem to work great on both Windows 7 Pro 64-bit and Mac OS 10.6 (they have 64-bit Mac drivers now). The included software is OK - I get the feeling they are still building it out. It's a bit glitchy but seems to work OK for the most part. The software updater works great and I've already had a couple of firmware updates since I purchased the HD 500 (bug fixes). There is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".I nearly purchased the M13 to plug into myFender Super Champ XD Electric Guitar Amplifier, but I noticed the HD 500 had the same number of effects PLUS amp modelling for the same price! I know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the HD 500 made much more sense. I can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. To use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. I also decided to test playing the HD 500 directly into aBehringer Eurolive B215D Active 550-Watt 2-Way PA Speaker System with 15-inch Woofer and 1.35-inch Compression Driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (I get the Behringer today, so we'll see).The build quality over the POD X3 Live has improved. The case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. I can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. I also purchased aGator GK2110 Compact Keyboard Gig Bag, which fits the HD 500 (albeit very snugly).Overall I'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles.