I only have used this tuner on classical guitars (the ones with nylon strings).  I teach classical guitar and have had the opportunity to use it on many different classical guitars of varying quality.  It has tuned them all very well.  A great advantage I've found using this tuner (Tune Tech TT500) verses tuners which use a microphone, is that I can now talk with my students while tuning and no longer have to ask them to please be quiet while I tune their guitars.  Kids especially like to talk and now I can fully engage in conversation with them while tuning their guitars.  The only problem I've noticed, and thus only 4 stars, is that I usually have to begin tuning with any string other than the low E string.  For some reason, the tuner seems to have trouble sensing the low E vibrations and the needle will not move.  This problem has always resolved itself when I tune another string and then tune the low E.PROS:1.  Pitch is registered quickly with minimal needle fluctuations2.  Ambient noise does not disturb tuning sensor3.  Small and compact4.  Swivel head for ease of viewing the screen.5.  The screen is very bright and is also easily seen in direct sunlight.6.  Rubber feet on clamp will not scratch guitar7.  Clamp is strong and will open wide but easy to squeeze open with fingers.8.  Being a chromatic tuner means you are not stuck just tuning EADGBE.  It's tuning range is 12 note. A2 - B7.9.  Will automatically turn itself off after 3 minutes of non-use.CONS:1.  Delay on tuning low E string2.  Buttons rattle while tuning 2nd string, B.3.  Plastic on screen scratches easilyI don't yet know how long the button battery will last or how much battery replacements cost.  I will update this review when I have that information.  But for now, I am very pleased with this tuner.  I have owned many electronic tuners and this one so far beats them all.  I have also used it to tune my guitarlele and it tunes it darn near perfectly!  Great chromatic tuner at a great price - I love it!