I have an ESP guitar with a slanted headstock that had a hard time fitting into the gig bag that the music store threw in when I got the guitar. After buying a line-6 pocket pod and some good studio headphones there was simply no room left in that old bag.Found this bag and liked the fact that it has so many front pockets and it really looked like it would fit all of my gear, cables, etc. I originally put it on my wish list because I will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise.My guitar fits perfectly. It used to be a struggle getting my guitar in the old gig bag and zipping it shut. As mentioned, the curved headstock makes the guitar taller and the old gig bag always had the pointed tip of the headstock poking out of it because it just would not close.But this big closes all the way and it does have so much more padding than my previous bag. And the pockets - OH THE POCKETS! They fit ALL of my gear. I have my guitar cable, a set of full size sennheiser headphones, a line 6 pocket pod, all the allen wrenches, a tuner, and my tremelo neatly organized in all the separate pockets. And there is room for more if I need it!The bag does smell a little funky the first few days but it didn't stink up the house like some reviewers mentioned. Just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.One last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. I did not know this but wow I had no idea how useful that could be. I tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. Then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. I really cannot recommend this bag enough. I do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but I don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, I would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.Hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear!