This is my first attempt at buying a polishing cloth for my guitars. I tried this untreated 'MicrofiberPolish Cloth' on my Gibson ES-339 because I had heard good things about it.We'll begin with some stats: the cloth is 11-3/4" by 11-3/4" and has an 1/8" border stitched aroundthe edge. It feels very soft to the touch and it is made in Korea. There is a small warning on theback of the package that states: "Not designed for cleaning electrical devices." You can also washthis untreated polish cloth in mild soap and water, rinse it out and hang it up to dry. Now to thereview.My guitar has an Ebony hard lacquer finish, meaning very glossy and shiny. I have been playing thisguitar for about a year now and it had a lot finger smudges on the body's front and back and BACKof the neck. I was able to get most of the minor finger smudges off. When going after the moreresistant multiple smudges the polish cloth would spread it around and left most of the problem onthe finish.What I discovered about this cloth, even with increased elbow grease, is that it has it's limitations.So, if your guitar is reasonably clean and the smudges are fairly new this cloth is dynamite and takesthem right out. If the body oils have been there for awhile, probably collecting dust, then you willneed some type of cleaning liquid to help you break up the old fuzzy oils on your instrument. Pleaseuse any liquid sparingly when applying it to the surface of your instrument. Do not put a liquid directlyonto the surface of your instrument. You should put the cleaning liquid onto the cleaning cloth firstthen apply it.I decided to use Dunlop's 'Dunlop Formula 65 Guitar Polish & Cleaner' to cut and clean up the tougheroily smudges. I used another soft cotton cloth and it cleaned up very nicely. Since then I have beenable to keep the guitar polished and clean using only the 'Planet Waves Microfiber Polish Cloth'. It doesnot leave scratches or any marks when used without a liquid. I also did not have a problems with thecloth breaking down and leaving lint or pieces of cloth behind.You want to use a another cloth to clean your fretboard and not the same one you use for the finish.The fretboard gets a lot of oily dirt assigned to it through repeated play. I would be fearful that theadditional oils accumulated  on the fret board will get into the Microfiber cloth and transfer to the finishof the guitar.So like a lot of things in life there are limitations to everything. I gave this untreated microfiber cloth4 stars because it does a fine job keeping my guitar clean  and polished with minimal effort. My highexpectations, based upon the blurb, were that this cloth would clean up more ensconced oils and dirtbut it only smeared them around. It was more trouble than it was worth to use the microfiber cloth toclean up the smeared mess.Nonetheless, I like this cloth and recommend it for upkeep purposes and minor dirt or grime. I will bekeeping it in my guitar case just for this particular guitar finish and use each time I am done playing.