I have been playing guitar for longer than I care to admit. Back in 1966 I went into the music store with my Dad and cherry picked the finest Fender Telecaster in the whole store. Back then they were all handmade, so there were variations, and by spending some time, would yield you an incredible find. So I am not a newbie to playing, or working on guitars. I didn't use this capo on my 66 because I have it apart in order to make exact vintage reproductions of the body.Today's modern guitars use medium jumbo frets. My 66 had thin frets. With the medium jumbo frets they are sufficiently high, that if you check them once fretting a note with something as accurate as the Snark SN 2 All Instrument Clip on Chromatic Tuner you will see that the note moves up one or two bars on the tuner once you fret it. (That is one or two bar above the note you are then fretting) So I must admit my quest for the perfect capo would enable me to adjust it so that the guitar doesn't go out of tune when using a capo.I compared the G7 Performance Capo the Six String Silver, with the Schubb S1 Stainless Steel Guitar Capo for Steel String Guitars, and this Planet Waves NS-Tri-action capo. Although the G7 was substantially built and looked rather impressive, I found it to be too bulky, so it kept getting in the way while trying to play chords. So I sent it back. So now it comes down to the Shubb 1 Deluxe and the Planet Waves. I went back and forth with these two tuners a whole lot of times. I would perfectly tune the guitar with the Snark and then apply the capo. I tried to discern the difference between which one of these would make the guitar go out of tune more than the other. I finally concluded that there was no difference.The Schubb S1 had the ability to be adjusted so fine that it would barely be holding on to the neck. If you set that one at its gentlest setting you could get it to be almost perfectly in tune even with the capo on, but set it that softly, and it would just about fall off the guitar. So that is the last thing that you want to happen in the middle of a performance. The Planet Waves Capo in contrast, even at the lightest setting, was still a solid grip on the neck. I also noticed that the planet waves had a wider spread across the strings and therefore was less critical of the positioning in order to get it right.The Schubb S1 is a well-made product, it has nicely finished metal components, but with its roller ball system of fastening, when you loosen it, for sure you're going to occasionally be dropping it in on the floor. You could say that requires two hands in order to remove it. The Planet Wave on the other hand is a true one-handed tool that makes it easy to remove and to put back on. I tried both of these on one of my other Fender telecasters, as well as on one of my acoustics. I got the same tuning results on all of them. I am very critical and exact so when I say that the tuning results would change when you put on the capo you must understand, that the tuner was only moving one line. Most people wouldn't even bother with that much of an adjustment but I know that there is nothing to compare to a guitar with good strings on it, and to hear the tone and the blend of those strings in perfect tune; perfect harmony rules. You know that feeling when you come to the end of a great song, and you hit your last note and finish with a full chord that is perfectly in tune; there is nothing to compare to it.The planet wave is a little bit bulkier and if I had to get critical of it I would say it does get in the way a tiny bit more than the Schubb S1; although this factor is not such a great difference, as to preclude me choosing one over the other. The way each of them mount and dismount to the guitar does make me lean more strongly to the Planet Waves.I saw other reviews that commented that one type of capo provided a better tone than another type of capo. Tried as I might I could not reproduce the differences that they spoke of. There are so many factors affecting the tone, such as after changing the capo was a guitar body leaning a little bit more one way, then it was the last time. For example was the face of the guitar a little closer to the ear range as compared to the last capo you tested that might've been projecting more from the side of the guitar. I also felt that once the capo squeezes the string down the only thing that is creating tone is the fret line between it and the bridge. So at least between these two I found no total differences.I wanted to say that if you are using medium sized jumbo frets and high action you are really bending the string in order to fret it thereby changing the pitch. I love low action with no buzzing on lighter gauge strings. I'd rather dance across the top like a ballet dancer then scrub heavy gauge strings. To each his own they say. I just consider it important to let you know that I'm conducting this experiment with 8 gauge strings on the Tele electric and 9 gauge on the acoustic. So if you're running a much heavier gauge string with lower action, you would of course have less tuning shift going on, because you could adjust the capo (and both of these have a round adjusting knob for fine-tuning) and be able to adjust it to the point where you are pressing just beyond the level of the frets and not really squeezing it all the way down on the fret board and therefore have less of a challenge in trying to keep it in tune while using a capo. (Although I doubt many are setting it that way but rather squeezing it down to the fret board instead.) Although it is possible with heavy gauge strings that you can fine tune the pressure sufficiently that it will yield a tuned instrument while under the load of the heavier gauge strings creating a strong enough grip at this finer setting so it won't slide off of the guitar like the Shubb does at its lighter setting.Of course all this is predicated upon you not re-tuning the guitar when you change the capo position. That really is the only way to create a perfectly tuned instrument and that is to do a little tweaking when you change the capo position. I'm sure most people ignore that and consider the ever so slightly out of tune instrument is something that is not objectionable and doesn't impede the overall quality of their performance. I find on the other hand, that a guitar which is perfectly in tune takes the music to a level that is not possible no matter how little or much it is out of tune.So I conclusion I find the planet waves easier-to-use and with its longer arm capable of a wider fret board, while at the same time capable of the thinner fret boards as well, as being the one that I highly recommend. Notwithstanding the Shubb places a very close second, and with its slightly smaller size, it does in fact get in the way a little less than the Planet Waves. All in all they both are the best of all the ones I've tried.