I have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but I have also wanted to learn the Ukulele for quite some time. As I had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, I looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether I would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.Upon receiving this item, I tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords I learned. The Uke sounded acceptable, but I was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. Also at first (as I expected), the Ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.Of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. I have now ordered some Aquila strings from Amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. I bought theAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele Strings. I am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when I eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which I expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) To be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't *too* bad so I may wait a while to install the Aquilla strings until I can play more competently and get the benefit of them!As far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed. The paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. The unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.For the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. I'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. I really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great.