I really can't say enough positive things about the Apogee JAM.  Not even 3 years ago, I would have considered recording into an iPad or iPhone to be a &#34;novelty&#34;, and the interface products that most people use to hook up your guitar as &#34;gimmicks&#34; or &#34;toys&#34;.  Now, as of 2013/14, we have so many quality modeling programs, recording DAW's, and AudioBus to connect them to one another.  Whether you're a budding professional, or just a hobbyist aiming to record your own covers, the Apogee JAM (usually around $99.99) deserves a serious look.PROS -Extremely easy to use and widely compatible --&#62; No batteries required.  You get a small plastic converter with an 1/4&#34; input (for guitar cable) on one end and a digital output for 30-pin connector, Lightning, or Mac cables, all of which are included.  Virtually any serious guitar recording app in iOS (GarageBand, Agile AmpKit, AmpliTube, JamUp XT) will recognize and work with the Apogee JAM right out of the box.Crystal clear digital sound --&#62; The sound quality you get through the digital input is markedly better than using the headphone jack as an input.  You'll hear your guitar as it's meant to be heard, and with far less hissing and junk in the background.Considerably less feedback --&#62; This was actually the primary reason I decided to upgrade.  My Positive Grid JamUp Plug wasn't disappointing me in sound quality, but there was so much additional noise that went with it, it would easily cause my modeling amps in Agile AmpKit+ to feed back.  High gain settings (even something basic like a Marshall JCM900) were practically unusable.  Even with clean settings, I had the noise filter turned WAY up, and that still didn't thwart the feedback issues.  The Apogee JAM cured ALL of that instantly.  When I first plugged it in, I wasn't even sure it was on because I expected to hear constant hissing in the background.  What I assumed was a fault of the software was actually due to a poor interface.  The JAM's improvement in avoiding feedback, alone, made it worth its price.No &#34;crosstalk&#34; - When you do multi-track recording with a headphone jack splitter, you get a bleed-over effect referred to as cross-talk.  Basically, you are using the headphone input to monitor and play along with your track, but due to poor circuitry, this also gets fed back into the &#34;armed&#34; track you are recording.  Some people are bothered by this more than others, but it makes quality multi-track recording quite challenging.  I haven't noticed any of that using the Apogee JAM whatsoever, since it is a digital connection.  (You can still monitor your playing using the iPad's headphone jack separately, obviously).Gain control and LED gauge --&#62; Not a feature unique to the JAM, but I love how it's implemented.  When you first plug in the device, the LED light is blue to show that it is hooked up, but not being utilized by software.  Once the input is active in software, the light becomes green.  However, as you play and hit harder notes, the light may change to yellow/orange, or even red.  If it is getting into the red, your input level is too high, and may overdrive the signal.  You adjust this right on the JAM using a roller dial.  I tend to aim for a setting where the light is largely green and starts to touch yellow only in the more aggressive parts.  Works well.CONS -Price point is a little high --&#62; Admittedly, I wasn't thrilled about having to spend $99.99 for what I was already doing with a $20 headphone jack.  That being said, I researched all of the alternatives and repeatedly heard that this was the best.  If I knew it would be as good as it is, the price would have been of little concern.  Also, there aren't really any quality DIGITAL options that are significantly cheaper.Lightweight plastic design --&#62; I actually have no problem with the build quality of the JAM, or that it is made out of plastic.  At the same time, the fact that it is relatively lightweight means that your guitar cable may pull it off of a table.  I also would not advise stepping on it if it happens to fall on the floor.  But they do include two velcro strips to fasten it, and it's a problem you can address with common sense.Highly recommend the Apogee JAM.  It's a mid-level priced device that services everyone from complete amateurs to recording professionals.