The MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay is a relative newcomer on the pedal scene, but has become instantly beloved by professional, semi-professional, and amateur guitarists alike (I would be in the latter category).  As a longtime user of the Boss DD-3 Digital Delay, it was a bit jarring trying out the Carbon Copy.  But after playing with the controls a bit and appreciating the pure quality of the tone it produces, it quickly won me over.There isn't a great way to explain the difference between digital and analog delay other than to say that the former is more precise and percussive, while the latter provides more warmth and ambience.  The "Mod" button is suppose to add additional modulation to the tone, though I don't hear a dramatic difference.  But no matter what setting you use, there is something undeniably more "real" about the delay effect of the Carbon Copy versus other delays I have used.  Rather than repeat your notes verbatim, it almost sounds like a haunting middle ground between the reverb/echo effect of a large hall and digital delay.The range of this delay, fortunately, is quite wide.  I believe it goes from 20 to 600 milliseconds.  To give you some perspective on that, slapback delays (such as rockabilly "Stray Cats" echo) are very short, probably under 150 milliseconds.  Rhythmic "U2" delays are usually around 350-450 ms.  Then there's even longer delays with a lot of repeats, a la Pink Floyd's David Gilmour.  This pedal is capable of all of those (though the "U2" style delay is better achieved with digital).  One note on that though - whereas the DD-3 uses three different knob range settings to cover its delay time, everything from 20-600 ms is covered with one sweep of the Carbon Copy's knob.  This makes it very convenient, but also a bit touchy.To summarize, the Carbon Copy is outstanding alternative to digital delay and at an attractive price point.  It covers the sounds of delay pedals over twice as large (and expensive), and belongs on any delay aficionado's pedalboard.