I bought my Yamaha guitarlele about 2 years ago from Long & McQuade located in Canada.  It's the same as the one Amazon is selling here.  I teach classical guitar but have always loved the sound of ukulele.  My reason for buying this is because I don't have to learn how to play the ukulele and can play the guitarlele using the knowledge I already have - yea!It is very similar to a guitar in many important ways.  It has the same 6 strings tuned the same way.  However, and this is VERY important so please read carefully:  To get the best sound out of your new guitarlele you must tune each string up in pitch.  For example, let's take the 6th string (lowest) and tune it up to A instead of E.  Clip on your electronic guitar tuner and crank that string up a bit until the tuner reads "A".  It will be the same pitch as the actual 5th string on the guitar.So here's the breakdown on tuning each string:6th = A5th = D4th = G3rd = C2nd = E1st = AYou really need to to tune it this way because otherwise the strings are too floppy and you won't get that beautiful ukulele voice.  The action is very good and it will not be any harder to play.The instrument overall is fairly easy to play, especially in the lower positions.  I have trouble holding it because I'm used to holding a classical guitar so I always have to make adjustments to get used to it.  Barring chords especially higher up the neck is kind of tough because the frets are so close together so I usually play easier stuff.  Also, I have discovered that certain types of music really play well and others aren't so good.  Almost all Celtic music sounds great!  Christmas carols are lovely, but Spanish stuff doesn't sound so great, imho.  The instrument just doesn't have enough power to carry some types of music.  Blues are good, and very ancient sounding tunes like those that would have been played on a 4 course guitar from back around the 15th century sound really cool on the guitarlele.  It seems to be well constructed, the tuning gears work well, the action is good, frets are inserted straight and level so I really can't find anything to complain about, especially for the price.I would suggest keeping the tunes simple and have fun!  It's just like a little guitar with all the same strings and same number of frets. You will probably have to tie a strap on it to hold it in place but that's not absolutely necessary, especially for those of you who are accustomed to playing small stringed instruments.I took it camping over the summer and had a great time playing it around the campfire in the evenings, something I've always wanted to do!  I'm quite fond of my guitarlele and am going to purchase another for my daughter so that we can play duets together on them!  :DUPDATE 4.10.13-------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought another guitarlele (this time from Amazon) and it is exactly like the one I purchased a few years ago.  This one is for my daughter and she is having a delightful time playing it.  We've been playing guitarlele duets together and they sound great and is such a fun thing to do!