This is my first mixer. I'd been looking for a cheap way to upgrade from USB-powered mics like the Blue Snowball to something a little more professional and, of course, that requires a mixer with these kinds of hookups.Thus, I am an amateur and you'll probably get more accurate ratings out of a professional.Anyway, my pros and consPros1. This thing is way smaller than I expected. I can hold it in one hand without any difficulty and that means it doesn't take up a lot of desk space. It fits well where I put it.2. It works as intended. I use this with a GLS ES-57 mic and this mixer is powerful enough to power it and make it sound good. I have my windows volume set at 75 and the gain is up at about 60%. I have no hissing and no problems. I did a podcast with this set up today and my podcast co-host (we do it over Skype) said I sounded very clear and my voice sounded strong and good. This is a stark improvement over the Blue Snowball.3. It's plug and play. I plugged it in, it installed the drivers, and it automatically set itself as the default microphone. Easy peasy.4. I use Reaper as my audio software and Reaper recognized it immediately.5. The dials and everything was easy to understand.Cons1. You can't plug this into a USB hub (or even an AC-powered USB hub) otherwise you'll get a hiss. This needs to be plugged directly into a computer.2. This high-jacks your audio defaults in Windows. To fix it, open your Control Panel, open the Sound, and set your Playback device to your speakers to fix the problem. Your sound will come out through your speakers as intended. Since I use this as my main mic, I left it as default in the Sound settings.Overall, for the price, this is an amazing little mixer for beginners and amateurs. I know there are better options but they are also more expensive and I'm on a budget. It's a great way to get into the world of sound without spending a lot more money. If you're like me and a single person doing YouTube video voice overs or podcasts, this is perfect for a home studio set up where you only need one person. Worth every penny as long as it lasts. I'll update when/if it breaks down but until then, I do not regret this purchase.