I've been playing guitar more than 35 years and have used a lot of electronic tuners.  The first was slightly larger than a paperback book and cost what a cheap guitar sells for today.  But it was a godsend tuning up backstage while another band was playing.  Over the years tuners have gotten smaller, cheaper, and easier to use.  The Planet Waves PW-CT-12 is my new favorite.It is very small - a little bit larger than a grape.  Despite some of the other reviews I have used it with good results on a Strat, Tele, Les Paul, and ES-335 electrics and on acoustics from Martin, Gibson, National Resophonic, and Voyage Air.  I clamp it on the headstock between the nut and the low-E tuner.  I didn't expect it but it is out of the way enough to leave on while playing.  Previous to this my favorite tuner was a chromatic ukulele tuner built to clamp on the top of the headstock.  Small and accurate but to use it behind the headstock I have to read it upside down.  The PW-CT-12 is nicely out of the way even when I play an F chord with my thumb on the low E string.  It's so light I don't notice it's there.The display is bright and easy to see in most light.  A bit hard to read in direct sunlight but I do my best to avoid playing without shade anyway.  The display is small - a dime can cover most of it - but the characters are large enough to read in normal playing position.  The '#' sharp symbol is small but once you are familiar with the display you recognize it.  (No flat symbol.  Bb is displayed as A#.)  The tuner has auto shutoff to make the battery last longer.  The display uses bars to the side of the note letter and color to indicate tuning.  It's red until you get close then green with a bar on each side when you are in tune (for example, |E|).  I found it to be stable enough to be easy to use for quick tune ups between songs.These are inexpensive and intended to be discrete so the clamp is small and thin.  Rough handling will probably break it.  I notice that the clamp is easily removed so I'm guessing Planet Waves may sell replacements.  The clamp was not intuitive the first time but the instructions do cover it.  It is a ratchet rather than a clamp.  You press a small tab and gently pull the clamp out then push it down on the guitar neck.  For this reason this is not a tuner to pass around.  It's meant to be left on an instrument.  (It's small enough that you can leave it on in the case.)  If you need a tuner that is moved frequently there are better (and larger) choices.  It can be moved but it is a good tuner to set and forget.  I'm going to buy a couple more to leave on my most frequently used guitars.Other reviewers commented on accuracy.  If you want strobe accuracy there are better choices.  For that kind of accuracy you also need a larger display.  This tuner will get you close quickly and you can use your ears to fine tune if necessary.  I haven't had a problem except with guitars that have built-in intonation problems (like old Nationals) and they need tweaking even after a Peterson Strobe.Soapbox: especially if you are a new player, do yourself a favor and learn to tune your guitar by ear!  Try tuning the strings to a reference pitch or each other then use the tuner to check.  Learning to tune by ear will help you in more ways than I have time to list.  Being able to hear the intervals in a chord and know which string is off is an invaluable skill.  People that can only tune with a tuner will take much longer to develop that, if ever.