This is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing.  My particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat.  There's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body.  Neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me.  Maybe I got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models?  My guitar also has a weird V shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - I'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together.  I know that the better Les Paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since I didn't read about this one having something different, I assumed it would be the same.  Glue is stronger than wood and Les Paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so I guess my guitar should be more durable than some. Still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery.  I'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.My remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all Les Paul guitars versus my particular instrument.  The guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting.  The top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a Les Paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars.  It's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; Les Paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup.  The range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and I found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated .09 strings without additional hardware.The guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars.  Note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of Les Paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar.  Though this is a fine guitar for the price, I'm not sure that I would make the same choice if I were in the same position again.