Having to send the first Snark SN-8 back, but the replacement, thus far, has been flawless.I made a slight adjustment to my guitar's truss rod and now the intonation is pretty spot on.A couple tips to tuning a guitar: tune it like you play it. If you strum & play softly, then pluck & tune each string softly.However, most people don't play softly, so they make the mistake that almost everyone makes: they pluck each string and wait like 15 seconds till the ringing fades out, & so they are generally tuning each string as it begins "softly" resonating.So, in essence, what happens is people are generally tuning each string flat.To tune your guitar correctly, you really ought to pluck each string hard, like every 2 seconds and tune it that way - rather than waiting for the sound to fade out. If you do it this way, you might be surprised at how good it sounds when you're strumming the living daylight out of it!Also, please check your intonation. Your 12th frets should be in tune same as your open strings. You pluck your open string (hard) & tune as described above. Then you check intonation by pressing VERY LIGHTLY (with JUST the TIP of your FINGER and DON'T TOUCH ANY OTHER PART of the NECK), on the same string, but 12th fret - and BOTH should be in tune the EXACT same.If they are off (12TH & open), then your intonation is probably in need of adjustment. Please don't pay someone to setup your guitar! You can do it yourself so easily. Go on u toob and search "scott grove tuning your guitar wrong" and u will find a video of a guy that claims to have owned over 3,000 guitars - & he spends almost an hour explaining all the details. Also, watch his video on how to setup: adjust intonation, truss rod, action, etc.Btw, if you can't get your Snark to tune your guitar: hint - it's not the tuner's fault. The first 3 saddles (e, b, g) should look like a staircase going down. Then, your next 3 strings (d,  a, e) should also look like another staircase going down. If not, break out your philips head & tweak your intonation.