I have to admit.  I have not tried this pedal with any other guitar besides my Strats.  But this pedal gives me everything that I want.The best way that I can describe the sound of the OCD is Quality and Character.As a Clean DriveWhen you uses this pedal with less drive as a clean boost for your tube amp, you will notice that it delivers a very strong character from your guitar and is very sensitive to your dynamics while playing.As an OverdriveI have loved the Ibanez TS9 because it allows a strat to keep a vocal type of midrange while having singing trebles.  When you add drive to the TS9, it retains those characteristics which is why it is the industry standard for strat guitarists who want to keep their stratty character and get the quality sound of a tube amp.The reason why the OCD is my preferred pedal over the TS9 is that it does not let the low end distort as early.  The TS9 allows you lower notes to distort earlier and seems to then amplify the signal.  The OCD gives you the fattest low end with tons of tone.  If you like blues or hard rock, you will notice that this feature is exactly what you wanted to give your playing a really strong character. You gain boldness and when your low end does gain some crunch, it is the biggest baddest tone that you could dream of.I use this pedal with my HSS strat and through a blues Jr III and use the clean boost for the coolest clean tone ever.  It allows your playing dynamics to drive the amp, not some arbitrary clipping from your pedal.  When I am playing heavier blues or rock stuff, I just turn up the drive and have the boldest and highest quality sound that I have ever played with.The HP/LP switchShifting into HP is almost like a gain boost.  I have heard it described as switching from an American Fender-y sound (LP) to a British Marshall-y sound (HP).  I guess this is a decent description.  I have found that I get a thick ballsy sound in the LP and I don't lose any quality in the HP.  It feels like you get a boost in your midrange.To conclude, I would have to say that this pedal is the perfect mix of ballsy overdrive with quality tone.  If you have a quality amp and a quality guitar, there is no reason to try and save $30 by buying an Ibanez TS9 or TS808 or TS9dx.  This pedal will make you a lot happier than those will if you like to keep your low end intact and not allow it to break up too early making it whimpy.