There is no shortage of "Tubescreamer clones" on the market for guitarists in search of that warm overdriven tube sound perfect for blues, jazz, and rock.  The DigiTech Bad Monkey is one such example.  But the Chinese-made Joyo JF-01 Vintage Distortion just be the best, and it's half the price of a TS-9.About the manufacturer - Joyo hit the market a couple of years back and has now released about a couple dozen pedals that utilize their own form factor (very similar to an MXR in size and switch) but "cloning" the circuitry of well-known classic and modern boutique effects pedals.  Some people jump to conclusions about Chinese products, but don't just take it from me - do your homework.  The response to these pedals has been overwhelmingly positive, and there are great vendors/distributors within the U.S. that test them out and can ship them to you within a few days.  I'm definitely a fan of Joyo products.As for the "Vintage Distortion" itself, people have said it's based on either a TS-9 or the (more expensive) TS-808.  Frankly, while the latter is apparently warmer (and less mid-range heavy) than the former, I'm not sure there's any significant difference.  I played this JF-01 side by side with my TS-9, and it's probably one of the more exact "clones" in the Joyo lineup.  For example, the Joyo "Ultimate Drive" is an excellent (higher-gain) overdrive pedal based on a Fulltone OCD, but you can still notice differences in the resulting sound and settings required to get there (some of which are arguably BETTER than the original).  With the settings matched, the JF-01 performed almost exactly like the TS-9 in level, gain, and tone.  There probably is little more gain available on this pedal with that knob cranked full, which isn't a bad thing.  It's very responsive to your playing style and, again, it sounds like a Tubescreamer.I'll probably be keeping my Tubescreamer, if only because it's an iconic pedal that performs well.  But it's superior in name only - if I had to use the Joyo Vintage Overdrive in its place, I'd be no worse for the wear.  5 stars, highly recommended!