If you are looking for really authentic vintage tones with tube warmth, this is a fantastic amp for you.Fender has done an amazing job with this amp.IN this AMP, you have:All of the benefits of tubes, warmth at all dynamic levels, as well as a lot of touch sensitivity to your playing.The CHAMP Circuit.  Forget the fact that you have Digital amp models built in too, you also have a 15w Champ tube amp with a 10 inch speaker.  It's not exactly a '57 champ reissue, but it is the same circuit with all of the character and spanky tone as any Champ out there.  (People who like a great Champ tone, would pay more than $299 for a great 15w Champ amp.)Add to this, 16 Digital Presets.  Fender gives you Digital models through a Tube Circuit of Tweed Amps, Blackface Amps, Hot Rod Amps, as well as Metal Amps, A Jazz amp and an Acoustic sounding Model.Add to that some preset digital effects including Reverb, Delay, Vibe, Trem and Chorus.  (Each one has several choices as well as a knob to increase or decrease the presence of the effect.)Everyone who reviews this amp raves about the how authentic and interesting the Digital Models are... and they are absolutely right.But this amp breaks new ground with the simple fact that you can switch directly from playing a song with a Tweed or Hot Rod tone directly to an authentic Champ amp.  Not a model of a Champ Amp, the real deal!The implications of this amp are really huge.  I'd love to see Fender do the same thing with a Pro Jr. or even a Blues Jr. Amp.  Perhaps they might go that direction in the future depending on the success of this amp.  who knows.  But what I do know is that this amp is simply bursting with character.The Digital PresetsFor me, the highlights are the authenticity of the Tweed, Blackface and Hot Rod tones.  I really feel like channel 10 sounds like a clean blues jr coming through the 10 inch speaker.  The tweed tones are syruppy and awesome.  The Blackface clean sounds like a Princeton, and I even think they were trying to emulate a Deluxe Reverb on channel 5.As Far as Volume...People ask, is it loud enough to gig with?  Sure.  It can get loud enough over drums etc.  But, I'd mic it anyway.  I get my best overdriven tones in the midrange of the volume.  Mic it and you can play it anywhere.The Only downsides...As much as Fender tries to throw a bone to metal heads, this amp really doesn't give Metalheads that much to work with.  It would be a great practice amp for any guitarist, Blues, Metal, Jazz or Country...But the Metal tones are not going to be as big and rectified as you would want them if you want to chug through some metallica riffs.Lack of a Mid Control.  I'm not sure that I understand why you'd have an EQ with Treble and Bass with no Mid control.  Personally, it's the EQ knob that I would use the most, but if you are switching between Digital Presets you have to work with the Treble and Bass to find the sweet spot for your mids.  To my ears, it's not in the same spot on all presets.  That one knob would make this amp a lot quicker and easier to use for someone like me who likes to bounce between presets.This amp is cool and unique. Which is why it will be the first digital modeling amp that is still worth something when Fender releases the next big new thing.  Line 6 and Vox tube/digital combos have really fallen quite flat and have no resale value after the next generation comes out.  Fender has found a sweet spot of value, quality and usability.  This is going to be a rare technological achievement that people will still hang on to and be happy with 10 years later.Truly a unique and versatile creation.