I'll start off by saying that I've had this interface for about 6 months now and it is still going strong. I think that anyone, especially the beginner, looking for an interface should definitely consider this unit. Not only does it provide 2 channels, but it also has monitor out and headphone out. This could also be a decent sound card for those who are fed up with integrated audio.However, I have a few gripes with the 2i2. The headphone knob feels a little flimsy and has a bit of give if you push on it. This is purely the "feel" and does not really hinder performance. But it makes the unit feel cheap, at the controls. IMO, the knobs and switches can feel a bit unsatisfying when the rest of the unit is built so strongly. Moving on, while on the topic of knobs, the level knobs for both channels could also use indicators, but once again, aesthetics.Why 4 stars?The problem must of started happening today because I never noticed it before. Or it could be just that, maybe I never noticed it. Anyways, shortly after I engaged the 48v phantom power, the interface started making a barely audible high pitched hissing. Once again, this is barely audible and should not be a problem if your microphone is far enough away. I hope that this issue does not show up in all of the Scarlett 2i2 interfaces. I would think that an interface should produce no noise as it in key in the recording process for many home studios. Hopefully, just my unit is defective and it isn't something that is common among the 2i2's.Another thing to note is that while Direct Monitoring is a feature on this unit, the volume levels coming from the direct monitoring is very low and makes it less practical to use. In other words, I am saying that you would have to essentially turn up the gain and record "hotter" and get closer to clipping to effectively hear yourself clearly though the direct monitor. Nevertheless, it is a feature that can be utilized though.So in the end, 4/5 stars! The packaging that the interface came in was very minimalistic, but yet appealing, thumbs up for that. I really like the build quality of the interface and Focusrite makes it very easy to record audio with this unit. The only issue that I would consider a big problem is the hissing from the phantom power being engaged. Overall, great entry level interface/sound card!