To describe my impressions of the TH-2000-S versus my well-used Sennheiser HD-201s I chose a few favorite reference tracks that illustrate different instrumental timbres and production values:  I like to use recordings I know well so I can quickly detect varying emphasis in frequency response and clarity.Andres Segovia - `Variations on a Spanish Folk Tune - Narvaez' from `My Favorite Spanish Encores'.In my opinion one of the finest recordings of solo classical guitar I've ever heard, both for the performance and the sheer beauty of sound.  The distinguishing points of this opening piece are the bass notes that Segovia's arrangement of the original vihuela-texture really emphasize. For me there's a difference between bass presence and bass clarity: I'll gladly trade less `oomph' in the gut for the kind of definition the Tascam's bring out:  warm, well-defined, with a crisp and clear treble edge. The Sennheisers, while equally balanced, were far muddier and less defined at the low end with less presence and sparkle on top. They were also considerably quieter and this applies across the board - the TH-2000-S just puts out a lot more sound at similar volume settings.Jeff Beck `You Know What I Mean' from `Blow By Blow'.The George Martin production remains for me one of the most colorful instrumental electric guitar records ever made.  The clean separation and space in the mix between guitar, electric piano, clavinet, bass and drums is always a joy to hear on a good sound system. The TH-2000s again demonstrated more punch in the mids and bottom end than the Sennheisers and overall more presence. It's a 24-bit recording and this is the first time I can honestly say I hear the difference - like being there in the control room, seriously. There's a greyness to the Sennheisers that frankly never bothered me before, but after hearing the Tascam phones, I doubt I'll ever be satisfied with less again.Stravinsky Violin Concerto - Anne Sophie Mutter from `Mutter Modern'.The words I keep coming back to are `presence' and `clarity'. I can hear string attacks, counter voices in woodwinds and an increase in overall spaciousness with the TH-2000-S that I simply don't hear with the Sennheiser phones.As far as craftsmanship, the TH-2000-S weighs more than my other phones and much of that weight is in the band rather than the cups. The sliding cup adjustment is easy to move yet ratcheted to stay in place securely when removing the phones casually. The cup mounts are really well-designed and allow fine-grained 4-way rotation that guarantees a snug fit regardless of the size and shape of your head and ears. I like the balanced feel and snug fit on my admittedly large head. The 2-3" cushion along the inside of the band and in particular the adds comfort.The cord is a hybrid - the 2-3' closest to the phones is flat 1/8" diameter, well-insulated 'matte-finish' and flexible. Beyond that there's another foot of coiled wire that will comfortably expand another 3-4 feet.  I think it's a nice compromise that's probably biased towards most users sitting fairly close to an output jack - you can avoid having to deal with excess cord unless you need to.As we get older our hearing changes: for most people it's a decrease in high-frequency response but it also occur across the entire spectrum.  Simply listening louder isn't always the best solution and it can be a tremendous ear-opening experience to try a pair of better quality headphones. I'd encourage anyone excited by quality sound to experiment and these Tascam TH-2000-S are a good place to start.