There are two ways guitar strings go bad. If you leave them on long enough, the steel cores and bronze windings will actually corrode- but that takes months, if not more. Before that happens, grease from your fingers, dust, bits of skin, and other detritus from the environment gets into the strings, between the windings. This interferes with the free vibration of the strings and deadens the sound. Back when strings were a lot more expensive, some guys used to take their strings off the guitar and regularly clean or even boil them; some bass players still do. Coated strings are a simpler alternative.These strings and similar ones like Elixirs have a thin polytetrafluoroethylene coating bonded to the wrappings, which accomplishes two things: First, it creates a barrier between the atmosphere and the metal wrap, which prevents rust and corrosion. Second, it provides a physical barrier that prevents contamination from getting in between the windings. The strings stay fresher sounding two or three times as long as standard strings. They do sound just a bit less bright than the equivalent uncoated strings, but it's not a huge difference, and after a month or two they still sound the same.They also cost about twice as much as equivalent non-coated D'Addarios. Are they worth it? That depends. If you're an active performer, maybe. You're probably changing strings for every performance to make sure you're getting a bright sound. You're probably also buying your strings by the box. There's no real benefit to these strings. Where they really pay off is for the casual player who may not have a few dozen spare sets handy. These days I'm strictly a hobbyist who might play publicly once or twice a year. I have four acoustic guitars, and some of them may go go for a month or more without being played. With coated strings, I can leave a set on a guitar, and a month or two later I can pull it out of the case and it's ready to play. I still change strings if I'm going to be playing in public, but for guitars that spend most of the time sitting around the house, these are great.