I own three of these units (one Red 222 and two Grey 202)and use them to output midi sounds from my laptops internal sound moduals to a pro PA system (mostly Mackie gear) for live performance and occasionally to add sounds to recordings in my 24 track home studio. This unit is quiet and very handy. The price is dead cheap. I have two other similar units (a Lexicon Alpha and the smaller Lexicon Omega boxes)that cost much more. Yes my Lexicon boxes provide a lot of different inputs and outputs and are very nice but if all you need is a very portable basic input/output sound card that is very quiet and easy to install (just plug it), you should buy this box.Some of the reviews talk about it being "cheap" plastic. Yes it is plastic (so are many other more expensive units) but I have been throwing these boxes in with my other equipment and have yet to break one of them or have any problems. I will also admit that while I don't abuse my equipment on purpose, I am not that gentle either and have dropped these several times with no damage.The software that comes with the 222 package is good, but in my case I really didn't need it. I have Sonor/Cakewalk software and Abobe Audition but I would like to take a moment and say something about the included Audacity. One reviewer wrote that it is a "very low,low.low" quality software. That couldn't be further from the truth. I have used this software for years in my studio and it is very high quality software. It can work in both 16 and 24 bit processing, and input and output almost every type of audio format (.wav, MP3, etc.). It also has a ton of very nice free downloads (compressors, EQ's, sonic enhancers etc.)from the Audacity web site. Audacity started life as a shareware but was purchased by Sound Forge who was in turn bought by Sony. This is high quality studio software that you can still download and use for free and it's not a trial software that will expire in 30 days or block out important features. I would add that to really make it work well you need to use the preferences section to set it up to the higher quality settings that are available. As I remember the defaults are set at mid level quality so the average home user can use it without taxing their computer resources.The bottom line is that both Behringer units (202 and 222) both work great and I can't hear or see any difference in them other than the color and the added software included with the 222 package. For such a low price you can't go wrong.