This is my first tube amp and after doing a TON of research, I found that the VOX AC15C1 was just about perfect for me.It came down to the AC15, Fender Blues Jr. and the Ibanez TS15. The Blues Jr. has a somewhat small enclosure for a 1x12 and I felt it had a bit of a "boxy" tone, otherwise, it's a great amp. The Ibanez has a classic Tube Screamer circuit built in and a switch which cuts the wattage in half for playing at lower volumes, but it lacked a reverb circuit, which was a deal breaker (silly reasoning, I know). The AC15 has a larger enclosure than the Blues Jr., and it has a reverb AND tremolo circuit, so it had the features I was looking for and most importantly, it produces some killer tone.If you've ever seen or read a review of this amp, chances are, you've heard about the classic VOX "chime", which this amp has, but I fell in love with the natural tube saturation on the top boost channel right away. The normal channel will break up nicely too, but I would suggest an A/B switch and run the normal channel fairly clean and the top boost pretty dirty.I was worried at first that 15 watts wouldn't be enough, but fear not, this amp is LOUD... maybe too loud as I'm just a hobbyist that plays in the bedroom, but that's not a bad thing. It totally blows away my 100 watt Marshall solid state and I haven't put the volume much past 8 O'clock for fear that my wife may beat me to death if I do.While there is no effects loop, it takes pedals well, but for distorted tones, I've found myself just plugging straight in just to get the unadulterated tube crunch, which I've come to love so much. As stated above, the lack of a foot switch to change between clean and dirty tones will have to be solved by either running a dirt box in front of the amp, or as previously stated, running one channel clean and one channel dirty and us an A/B switch to go between them. As far as other effects, I really like what it does to my TC Electronic Flashback Delay and Corona Chorus. Note that there is a foot switch jack in the back panel, but it controls the on/off for the built in tremolo and reverb, but it's sadly not included with the amp.For my first tube amp, I don't think I could have done much better; I love the tone that I can get, the tube warmth is just sooo much more soulful than the sterile sound from a solid state amp, it's feature rich, and takes pedals well. The other two amps that I was considering were a little less expensive, and while I really feel that the VOX is just a better all around amp, I don't think you can go wrong with any one of the three.The weight (about 50 lbs), and the lack of an included foot switch are really the only two cons that I can think of. While I would have picked up all three of the amps that I was looking at if I had the means, I would not hesitate to recommend this amp to anyone looking for their first or next tube amp.