I had the opportunity to try a set of Elixir Nanoweb light gauge (.013 - .053) strings in both Phosphor Bronze and 80/20 Bronze. Instead of writing a separate review for each, I figured I&#8217;d write one review for both types of strings and post it in both places for those who are trying to figure out which strings would best meet their needs.The Phosphor Bronze strings are mounted on a brand new Guild F-47 RC guitar. It is a concert sized guitar with a Florentine cutaway. The body is Brazilian Rosewood and the top is Adirondack (Red) Spruce. I have always heard that Phosphor is a bit brighter and sounds better on a Rosewood guitar. I would agree. The tone is nicely balanced &#8211; maybe a bit weak in the bass, but the strings are new and in a couple days I expect them to sound a bit better.  The notes are articulated well, and there is a nice midrange tone.The Nanoweb coating is nice. It protects the strings from corrosion (finger sweat really can do a job on strings) without dulling the sound. I think the guitar sounds much better than it did with the original (Guild) strings, and it just plays easier.The 80/20 strings are mounted on a Gibson Hummingbird &#8211; an iconic Mahogany body/Spruce-topped Dreadnaught sized guitar. Again, 80/20s are recommended for Mahogany guitars. As popular as the Hummingbird is, I was never totally pleased with the sound of it.  It is a great guitar to strum along with while singing, but it almost sounded too muddied &#8211; not enough articulation between the different strings. The Elixir strings really bring out something extra from the Gibson. It sounds a LOT better and feels easier to play. The strings are easier to play &#8211; partially because of the coating &#8211; partially because the metal used in the string seems to have a bit more elasticity &#8211; without going out of tune.The bass is tighter and there is an even spread of tone from the lowest to the highest notes. I am very happy with how much better this guitar sounds with these strings compared to the Martin SPs that were on it prior to the switch.Elixirs are not the cheapest strings out there, but since they last a lot longer than cheaper strings, in the end you won&#8217;t spend more money on what I think are far superior strings.