One of these is more than sufficient for small venues as a main keyboard amp with channels for a mic and backing track. A pair of these connected via the stereo link jacks will handle larger venues including outside gigs. They can  be configured as a master/slave set-up with a single link cable (a 1/4 inch speaker cable), or with two cables two fully functioning amps that can handle ten inputs, assuming five inputs per CM-30. In reality the single cable configuration is more than sufficient.The low, mid and high range frequencies are perfect for either a piano or organ. I have run both aRoland RD-300NX Digital PianoandRoland V-Combo VR-700. The grand piano setting on the RD-300NX sounds like the real thing out of this amp, as does the B3 emulation from the V-Combo.I did a direct comparison with this against aMackie SRM150 5.25-Inch Compact Active PA Systemand the sound of this beat it hand's down. Bear in mind that this was designed for keyboards so the sound has been optimized for instruments in their frequency range.Vocals through the channel with the XLR are adequate, but not particularly spectacular. Also, there is no phantom power or ground lift features, so you will not be able to use this in a studio with condenser mics or correct electrical imbalances. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances.I use mine as a powered main, but it is designed to function as a monitor with the main controls on the front of the box. That is somewhat inconvenient when using it as a main because the controls will be facing away from you. However, once the levels are set during sound check you can control the levels via your instrument's volume and EQ controls.There are a few things to note regarding mounting this on a mic stand. First, the manual recommends that the total height from the top of the CM-30 to the floor not exceed 43 inches. I agree. This may be relatively small, but it's heavy at over twelve pounds and the center of gravity at the limited of the recommended height is fairly high. It's easy to tip over, especially of you are not using a tripod style mic stand with the legs fully extended.