I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and "kicking" the tires of this one and it's competition.  I will tell you up front my decision to buy the DR-07MKII over the Zoom H1 came down to the inclusion of a guitar tuner and the ability to be a phrase trainer!  I'm a musician and a wanna-be videographer, since the quality of captured sound was the same on each test I read about (DR-07MKII vs Zoom H1) and listened too on YouTube I decided the tuner would keep my gig bag the same size.Most reviews never touched on the phrase trainer feature targeted at musicians.  Tascam makes a line of phrase trainers that typically cost between $150-200 and don't even have high quality microphones, so discovering I could toss an MP3 of the song I was learning and slow it down to figure out the chords and lead guitar parts was an unexpected surprise. This is the better choice for musicians.Other features I appreciate about the DR-07MKII, the adjustable microphones, quick turn on and being armed to record, the file system, the low battery consumption.I should also mention that straight out of the box i attempted to record, after all, everyone said how easy it was to simply open it up, power it up and start recording.  Well, I got a recording without sound!  The unit comes from the factory with the record level at zero.  Once I figure that out all was right again in my universe.  You will want to start with a recording level that is high and adjust lower to suite your recording situation.  I found out the hard way how much of a waste of time it was to start low first, a few of my early attempts at recording our church worship team practice was disappointing.  The more aggressive recording level solved that problem.I purchased a standard microphone windscreen for it, after the first time or two of stretching it on with some difficulty the windscreen loosened up enough to make it a simple process.  I have tried recording outside with this unit and the windscreen with good results. I still don't know how I will solve the  wind noise issue when recording ambient sound (microphone capsules facing out) since the windscreen will only cover the microphones in the XY pattern position.  I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though.For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. My new fascination is with the Song Bloggie (swivel camera lense), they are inexpensive now ($50 on Craigslist these days) and with the DR-07MKII all my video pieces have wonderful sound to go along with the surprisingly good picture quality I get from the Bloggie.One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1... win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too.