I've been using a standard size Pedaltrain for years and was tired of the adhesive on the pedal side of the Velcro strips inevitably coming loose after being moved around a bit. I use it to keep 3 pedals in place: a Line 6 M5, a Seymour Duncan Twin Tube Classic, and a Live Wire A/B Switch. The first two are pretty heavy and bulky. I needed something substantial to keep them in their spots especially during transport in the case, being carried vertically, with other electronics and a bunch of cables on top of them.I decided to try out the Power-Grip and have been extremely impressed. First, I stripped the old Velcro stuff off of the pedals and board and cleaned the surfaces thouroughly. It all came off pretty easily. I then applied one strip of Power-Grip to each of the bottom 2 panels on the Pedaltrain and individual pieces to the bottom of the pedals. I then let everything sit for 24 hours as recommended.After attaching the pedals, I was amazed at how well everything was secured. The pedals are only being held by the one strip on the higher panel, the other strip is just padding under the bottom sides of the pedals to prevent metal-on-metal abrasion. However, you can confidently hold the whole thing vertically and shake it aggressively without anything going anywhere.I also appreciate that you can pull pedals off of the board to move them around (with some effort) and the grip will release without the adhesive budging even a bit.The grip also bonds to itself, unlike Velcro where you're keeping track of male and female tape when replacing it.I would recommend following the manufacturer's instructions and applying this stuff to clean, hard, non-porous surfaces. I've heard that the adhesive doesn't work on rubber, wood, etc. Many pedals have rubber padding / feet on the bottom but I've had no trouble prying that stuff right off before putting the tape on.You will appreciate the stability, security, and convenience this stuff provides. Get a few rolls as a meter doesn't go as far as you'd think.