Fits nicely and tight on standard wide threaded microphone stands. If you have the smaller "screw headed" ends on your microphone stand, you can get a little threaded adapter at any music store for next to nothing. (Maybe a dollar, if they don't just give it to you.)Using this with stands that have a heavy round base takes up less space onstage and other places, as well as making it easy to relocate and keep out of the way.No need for a tripod stand with the legs folding up and out, getting in the way, plus most inexpensive tripods are cheaply made, very light and will break easily when moving gear or simply tripping over them.The base screws down all the way onto the stand until it is hand tight.The set screw allows for tilting and turning adjustment of the camera.The set screw presses against a ball-socket hinge and has a plastic thumb knob that seems a little fragile. I am very careful not to over-tighten in fear of twisting off the plastic thumb tightening knob.I am also leery of stripping the set screw or the threads inside the housing, but at this price I guess you can't expect to have a sophisticated adjustment mechanism, eh?There is a notch in the side of the housing to allow for a 90-degree preset angle.The metal thumbscrew that attaches the base of the camera to the adapter has a rubber washer as well as a thin rubber mat acting as like a cushioning gasket when tightened to your camera.Be careful. The metal thumbscrew can easily fall out from the holding plate when transporting, removing or switching cameras. I found a little 'plastic threaded washer-like ring' that screws onto the holding plate screw when not in use. You could easily find many types of washers, screws, plastic pieces, etc., to hold it in place when in storage or transport. You could also leave it attached to your camera. Either way, be careful not to let it fall out and get lost.Overall the "little thing" is quite solid, heavy and sturdy and takes up little to no real estate and does a great job at being small, basic, solid and inexpensive.It holds well when bumped or moved. Mine has absolutely "no slop" in it, does not wobble or come loose. I would not put a larger sized 8mm camera or heavy camera on this adapter. Most modern devices will do just fine.Again, just make sure you tighten it up 'just enough' to hold it well. Don't put the grip of Hercules on it and it should last for years. Mine has.I'm happy with mine and bought our drummer one for Christmas.Hope this helps!