This is the one pedal I can't do without. You can sculpt your guitar tone before it hits your amp, and that's the key to getting a tight rhythm tone at high gain. So if I encounter an amp that isn't tight enough, or the high gain distortion doesn't sound good by itself, I just turn down the gain or use a lower gain channel, and then hit it hard with this pedal. Sounds so much better than the internal high gain distortion.Alright, so here are some things you might want to know before you buy:* The gain knob when turned to zero still produces overdrive. So you can't use this as a *clean* boost pedal. With high output humbuckers, you still get some mild tube-like overdrive at zero gain. But this isn't advertised as a clean boost pedal.* So how much gain / distortion does this pedal have if you're going into a clean channel of an amp?  Plenty for classic rock and blues. Not enough for metal, though if you crank the gain and high knob all the way you can just barely get a prog style metal tone. But it's not a distortion pedal, it's just an overdrive.* This thing uses tiny SMC components in the circuitry and therefore isn't really moddable.* Unlike the Bad Monkey, this doesn't have an additional mixer / cabinet emulated output.* Like a tube screamer, it boosts the mids and reduces the bass so that going into a mushy sounding tube channel you get a tighter distorted sound. Anyone who has a nice warm amp and gets this pedal thinking they'll get more of the same, may be disappointed. What they need instead is a transparent clean boost pedal that keeps their guitar the same tone just louder volume.* The classic/modified switch is pretty cool. I have two guitars, one is kind of bassy and scooped sounding, the other is bright and middy. Well, using the switch, I can make one come out more equivalent to the other when needed. This keeps me from adjusting my amp each time I switch guitars. Classic is a slightly lower gain, more mid-boosted sound. Quite tight. Think Peavey 6505 EQ structure. Modified is more scooped, saturated. Think Mesa EQ structure. So this switch is a useful little bonus.*  It eats batteries, sucking in around 150 mA at 9V, so my 300 mAH rechargeable lasts 1.5-2 hrs. I swear if that blue LED weren't so bright it would probably get an extra hour. Instead of getting an adapter, I got an 8-battery AA clip, 9V battery clip, 12V DC plug, and 8 Sanyo Eneloop batteries. Hooked it up with negative tip, positive sleeve and now I have a 16,000 mAH monster = about 100 hours play time.This pedal is perfect. You get what it's advertised to do. It's rugged, looks good. I haven't found it to be noisy at all, unless there was something wrong with my guitar (strings not grounded through the bridge, etc...). Someone mentioned the silver tops of the dials falling off as if they were decals, but I looked and the knobs seem like all one solid piece to me.Another thing I found is that instead of using an overdrive plugin in my DAW, if I use this real overdrive pedal in front of my interface, that magically makes all hum / noise from my pickups go away.Overall, yes I highly recommend this, and would suggest people check out the Hardwire Metal Distortion if they want something as a standalone rather than an overdrive into a crunchy amp. Like others, though, I can't stop playing through this. Great purchase, especially if bought used.