4.6 starsMy main concern with adapters like this is sound quality. The A/D is often weak, and there is sometimes too much latency for it to be useful for multi-tracking. Apogee covers both areas well with this little puppy; the A/D is quite smooth, and it transfers the signal near perfectly. And little it is, not much bigger than the jack. If Bon Scott only knew...But small though it may be, there's plenty of signal processing power in there, and while it doesn't stand up my best outboard gear, it offers very clean, clear sound transfers from guitar, bass, keys and line mics, so that you can do good-sounding entire tunes on your laptop with only the JAM as interface. Which is yet another step forward in high-quality home recordings. I like the thought that we're getting closer to folks releasing things entirely by themselves on their own sites, and not paying Crapple a huge chunk of profits for merely hosting a file. Record companies and file hosts are increasingly anachronistic due to tech like this JAM, and maybe soon enough we'll see artists keeping ALL of the profits from their art. Imagine that!This offers very close to studio quality, but keep in mind that even with 24-bit it is solid state. Once you've used a good tube preamp you know what a difference in warmth in can make. I ran this through one of mine and the A/B made it very obvious that old school studio gear still has its place.Speaking of Crapple, the ads for this suggest that it is for iStuff only, which is not true. I ran it on 7 Ultimate and it worked a charm, so don't be fooled by the typically proprietary ads, which Cook and co. probably insist on: &#34;Don't mention anybody but us! Offer no alternatives! They must stay in our universe!&#34; Well, you needn't, this works with almost anything, so don't be fooled by the ad copy.The only negative I can find is that it is a little chintzy in outer build, making one wonder how good the internals are, and how long they'll hold up. A stronger, more solid sleeve would have been nice, especially at the price of 130. But it does sound good, though as it may be used for portable purposes, you might want to wrap it for transport in a little hand towel or such to make sure shocks don't mess with it. Take care of your recording equipment and it will take care of your music!