Purchased to provide professional level I/O for recording from mixers etc.Works very well for that purpose; also and probably especially useful as location recorder with just a laptop and condenser microphone(s). The bus powered connection is as simple as it can possibly get, and the package is about the size of a fat paperback book. Inputs provide for microphone(phantom powered or not), instrument, balanced line on TRS, and balanced line on XLR connector.Tested with bass and guitar via instrument input also sounded very good indeed, and dead silent. Output of high quality material also sounds superb ... and compares well with other very high quality gear. Everything about this unit is a cut above the units from its competitors in this (crowded) price point.Though lacking lots of the I/O and routing options you get with more expensive units, this device, unlike most other products in this price range, has a quality feel to its enclosure, jacks and controls. Drives headphones, even inefficient ones, to satisfying levels cleanly.The input controls have a helpful feature wherein if you have set things too "hot" the color changes briefly to red -- helpful to bring your attention to your proper metering (in SW) to adjust your levels.Re computers and drivers: almost all the tests went well. On two laptops running Windows 7, installed the latest drivers from the focusrite web site and initial tests of playback and recording went great. One of these recorded perfectly also. The other, which has a core 2 duo processor (FWIW), had issues recording properly, and no matter which of the three possible usb drivers were installed, and I tried them all, this problem remained. So, for certain windows laptops, you may want to hang onto the receipt until you verify proper operation throughout. This issue is why four starts rather than five.On a happier note this interface "instantly worked", with absolutely no installation, on a linux desktop running ubuntu studio 12.04 "precise". So for linux users this may be a very attractive option.Lastly documentation and bundled software is "light"; this is fine if you know what you are doing but it would not hurt focusrite to provide a bit more substance in their user guide for novices connecting various types of gear - guidance re best practices etc.But this is a nit -- overall a superb value provided your computer interfaces happily.