Most of the time I am able to use the G7 capo with one hand when moving it, adjusting it, and clamping it in place. However, sometimes I have to use both hands to squeeze it in place so the strings don't buzz. That may seem like not such a big deal, but I prefer to have an easier one to work with. I have small hands, and an old carpal injury, so I prefer to have as little strain as possible to place the capo. This one is better than the any of the clasping kinds (Keysers, etc) in that respect. After a couple of playing sessions, I figured out how best to use this capo with just one hand most of the time. Now that I've learned how best to use it, I'll keep it. When I first got it I was upset that I had to use 2 hands and forcible squeezing to put in place, but now I've learned how to work it better so that I can do most of it with one hand without too much strain.A capo should: be easy to remove and put on, stay in tune, not hurt the hands (no 2 handed squeezing), not interfere with playing when inserted, and it shouldn't break too soon (have at least several months to a year before breaking if at all).On the plus side, this unit seems pretty well made, so it should last a long time. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically.I've tried so many capos now, and the only ones I liked were the Planet Waves screw tops, they are easy to use, easy to move from fret to fret, light on the hands, stay in tune and out of the way, but they break in damp California weather (I've had 4 of them break on me, within a couple months. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do.If you have small hands like me, and don't want to strain the hands while playing, like me, then that rules out the Kysers and any of the squeezing type of capos. The Shubs fall off and are a hassle all around to take off and on and adjust, and the springtop ones are suspect as well. That's why I like the screwtops that don't get in the way and are easy to adjust. Ok, I hope the Dunlop Victor will do the job for me now, I'll try it next.