I've been playing rock and blues for over 40 years. I've owned a number of amps over the years including a 1960s Ampeg 40 Watt combo, and a pre-CBS 100 watt Fender Showman, and my latest, a Crate 5212 50 Watt tube amp that I bought about 10 years ago.  I also have a small Peavy 50 Watt solid state combo.  The Crate has always sounded great, and it's what I use exclusively in my basement studio, but it  weighs a ton and the clean channel has always had a habit of fading in and out (despite numerous repair attempts), so I've been using the Peavy when I play out.  The last time I did, I was really unsatisfied with the sound and decided to look for something else.  I own a Line6 pocket Pod and love it so I looked into the Line6 amps.When I found that I could get a 75 Watt modeling amp with a looper and a more presets than I could go through in a lifetime for less than $300, I ordered one from Amazon, sight unseen and unheard.  Out of the box I was amazed at just about everything.  The clean amp models are crisp and clear, the dirty ones thick and rich.  The effects that I have played around with so far are amazing, and I cannot detect any difference between them and my digital delay, phaser and overdrive pedals that cost about the same as the whole Spider IV 75. And the thing is loud!  Very loud.  As I get more experience with the amp, I'm sure that I'm going to want to tweak the built in presets to my taste, but even right out of the box the sound is pretty awesome.I'm sure that a lot of pro purists out there would laugh at the idea of a 75 Watt solid state combo with 1 12" speaker as their main amp, and if you've got $1800 to spend and a roadie, I guess they'd be right. But for the money, the sound, the size and the very light weight (36 lbs) alone make this a fabulous deal. Add in the modeling and the effects (high quality individual floor pedals or rack devices to replicate these effects could cost thousands of dollars just by themselves), and compared to my $750 Crate VC5212, at $300 the Spider IV 75 seems like an almost impossibly large gain in overall function. I doubt that I will use my Crate again (except when guests come to jam).And then the less than good...It doesn't come with a foot switch.  You have to buy one if you want to be able to use the looping in any realistic way and/or take advantage of the 4 channels on the fly, and to upload new firmware to the amp.  And of course you really want to do all if that (and more), so a foot controller is essential.  I opted for the FBV Express Mk II, the smallest and least expensive model with a pedal.  It lets me access all 4 channels as well as the looper and acts as a volume/wah controller.  It was another $100.  It is really essential, so in my mind the price of the Spider IV 75 is really just under $400.And  it doesn't come with any manuals to speak of.  All the manuals are available online for free, but of course you have to download them and print them.  And these manuals are essential to access all but the most basic functions of the amp. If you do not have access to a computer and a printer (I guess there are some people somewhere in the world who do not),I guess you're SOL.  The "Advanced Guide" is the essential one for using the amp, and is only 3 pages long. That's too short to explain everything you need to know in enough detail, and it's not particularly well-written. There'a another manual for using the free downloadable software that lets you edit the presets at a low level that is another 21 pages long.  I have not explored it much yet, but I suspect that it will be written similarly.  Once again, if you do not have a computer with an internet connection, there is a bunch of stuff that it is possible to do with the Spider IV 75 that you will not be able to do.My guess is that it would have probably added $150 to the list price of the amp for Line6 to have included a pedal and hard copies of the manual, and at $450, the amp would seem less attractive to many, so Line6 opted to handle things the way they did. Bottom line is still that this is still an unbeatable deal.Very HIghly Recommended.JM Tepper