I picked up this pedal used along with DS-1 Keeley modded distortion pedal not entirely knowing what to think.  Long story short, the mod DS-1 is getting returned and I'm keeping my Fulltone OCD.First, a word about the negative reviews...it tells you something when a small handfull of people completely trash something, but the 13 other reviews (as of Sept. 2012) were all 5-star reviews. It tells me that the people who ripped on the tone of the pedal didn't know what the pedal was before they tried it.  And anyone complaining about the price - this is a hand-crafted pedal that is extremely well constructed (the inside circuitry is pristine) and built to last for decades.  I think the ratings should reflect quality first and foremost.Now, let's talk about how the pedal sounds!  It's marketed as an overdrive/distortion.  I had a lot of people try to steer me away from it because I indicated I was looking for a distortion pedal, but I was actually quite surprised at how much gain and sustain the pedal has.  It is much more an "overdrive" in the sense that it keeps the tonal characteristics of your guitar and amp, but boosts the level in gain in a very full, rich sound.  The sound has a lot of "bass" to it, but unlike a Tubescreamer (TS-9), it's definitely not "muddy".  In fact, if you're tired distortion pedals sounding tinny and weak on a combo act, this might be exactly what you need.The battery is accessible behind 4 hand screws and moderately involved to get to, but an AC adapter is really the way to go.  It's a standard plug like you find on BOSS and Ibanez pedals, but you can use a 9V or 18V.  I've read some reviewers say that 18V gives you more headroom, while some actually prefer the 9V sound.  Honestly, I tried both and didn't discern any difference - it probably only matters at very loud volumes with cabinets.Finally, there is an LP/HP switch, and it's really a matter of preference and setup how you use it.  I've been mostly using the LP setting, which has plenty of output but avoids the shrill highs that I hate.  But in a live setting (or to use it as a boost for soloing), the HP setting could be quite useful, as it is designed the emphasize the mids and highs to "cut through" the other instruments on stage.If I had to summarize this pedal, I would describe it as a Tubescreamer you can rock with.  Which is not to say that it's "better" than the Tubescreamer, necessarily, but it definitely has a larger range of gain and tone.  Put this on your pedalboard and you may find yourself using it as your go-to for rhythm/chord sections, soloing, or both.