Item body is plastic rather than metal. This is to be expected at this price.  I would not call it "sturdy" but at least it's $25 instead of $125, and it works.  Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products).  Nevertheless for what it is... it works reasonably well.Received this item in good time.  There's only one real dislike I have about the item:* The battery access is... goofy.  To access the battery one must take the foot pedal off by "inserting an ink pen into the hinges".  Two hinges, two hands... a tricky process at best.  Not the easiest battery access I've ever seen.  However to be fair, relatively minor issue and not insurmountable.  I became relatively skilled at it in short time.Initially the product didn't work.  All I could hear was static out of the amp and thought I had a defective unit.  But then I noticed the gain was turned up right out of the box.  Turned it down and the sound got much better.  Traced an additional problem to an old unshielded guitar cable; replaced that with a good one and sound smoothed out.This is a sensitive unit, with a wide gain and tone range.  It has excellent Bass and Treble tuners.  It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box.  Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out.  That could be cord issues or box issues.  I'll experiment more later.It does have some hiss that is easily audible in a room environment.  Behringer seems to have a problem with hiss in their products, dunno why.  But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying... it's just there.Bottom line this is a cheap unit at a cheap price.  It does the job and should work fine for most instances where such a device would be needed (such as with passive pickup--non powered acoustic instruments).  I'd recommend it for those who need such a thing simply because of the relative ease of use (foot petal on-off switch) and the relative low cost.It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. : )