I will keep this short.  The price is unbelievable, it's nice to have three sets in a box and these are the best acoustic strings on the market.  That's only my opinion and everyone has one......so many will disagree.I have an regular acoustic and an acoustic electric and strung both with these strings.  It made each guitar sound like a 3 thousand dollar guitar.  I find that most inexpensive guitars have cheap strings, most can be vastly improved with something as simple as new strings.  I really believe in these strings.  When I find a good thing, I am hooked and I will not use anything BUT these on anything acoustic.  On a guitar, strings are everything.  The tone feel and bend is what's important.  These are very light and VERY easy on the fingers, unlike clunky stock strings on most acoustics.  I guess they think you need big, think strings to produce volume....not so.  Some will disagree saying they break if they're too thin.  I would rather have a shorter life with strings, getting a pure beautiful, rich sound than have a long lasting flat string.  My thick stock strings were killing my fingers.  These are effortless to play and sound so sweet and mellow, just like an acoustic should sound.Again, someone will chime in and bash me for saying this...but I would put my inexpensive Yamaha up against guitars costing 10 times what I paid.  I have no plans of changing brands now I've made the string switch.  Some say thin strings break easily, but you should change strings often anyway.  I can do a string change-over in about 15 minutes on a bad day.  It's worth the effort.  I don't plan on hammering my acoustic anyway.  That's what the Fender is for.  AND it's not that I'm cheap either.  I own 18 guitars, 16 of which are electrics.  3 Gibson Les Paul's, 2 Fender Strats (one American) a couple of Dillions (another great find) and some other nice guitars.My Acoustic is just an inexpensive Yamaha 700 but is a very nice guitar for the money.  But after changing the strings it sounds like an expensive Martin.  It didn't take me long to throw a set of these on my acoustic electric and got the same results.5 stars in my book, more if they'd allow that.  There are no other options unless someone gives me a set that blow me away.