DOWNGRADE TO 1-O STAR AFTER RETURNING IT BACK TO BROOKMAYS, THE SELLER:I am really disappointed by the seller, BrookMays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective Cherbub Guitar Pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  After two weeks of the returned item was delivered, I didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so I emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  Too bad, four days after the email had been sent, I only got the email of telling me the case# of the message I sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and I don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money I spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. Therefore, yesterday, I emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to AMAZON about the bad after-sale service I ever have before if I still haven't heard from the seller shorty.Today, I finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, "it was not defective. All pickups are going to get unwanted noise if you move the guitar. The feedback can be to to many other issues. I have issued the refund of $7.04."  Obviously, the reply is unconvincing; although the feedback can be raised from varies issues, i have tried with another pickup to the same directions and setups, but it doesn't have such problems at all.  The fact is NOT ALL pickups get UNWANTED noise although I didn't try many pickups.  Cherub Guitar Pickup doesn't work as the product description to pickup the original tones of the instrument regardless the surrounding noises.  Moreover, the unwanted loud noise from its wire movements is really annoying, and there's no way to stop the wire movements while strumming. Indeed, I won't use it, and I don't want it to sit at my house as a useless property, so returning back to the seller may help to improve the issues it has.  However, the hassles I got from the seller is totally unexpected and it's NOT worth at all.By the way, I'm also unhappy about the refund of &7.04, I bought it for $8.79 along with AMAZON Free Shipping of the purchase of $25 or more.  To me, it is not the money of $1.75, but it's not fair to the buyer, who doesn't get the right service and quality from the purchase but only wastes the times and money on this matter. So if you really need a pickup for your instrument, I highly recommend you to spend few more dollars to get a much better and reliable one. Don't make the same mistake as I did to try this one because of the cheap price, in turn, you may get more hassles than you expect on such cheap merchandise.  I don't want that happens to anyone else, so I decided to tell you what I went through to keep you from the possible hassles before betting on it.2 STARS FOR THE 1ST REVIEW AFTER USING IT TWICE:I like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  Besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description "regardless the surrounding noises."  I have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  One more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that I use, and I have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. However, when I switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  I don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup I got ... I bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, I can't accept the noises and I have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. So, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, BrookMays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. Good Luck then!