Seagull guitars have intrigued me for years in photos and on their website, but there is no dealer anywhere near me, so I bought one sight-unseen from Amazon, based on the good reviews. I'm glad to say I can add my voice to the chorus of praise for this innovative design.A traditionalist will need some time to become accustomed to the unusual appearance and construction.  The narrow, reverse-taper headstock and wide fingerboard give this guitar a bottom-heavy look when viewed vertically. Back and sides are cherry with only a light stain, and the binding is dark. The top is natural cedar.As dreadnoughts go, this one is very comfortable to play sitting down. It appears to be based on the Martin outline, but with a slightly rounder lower bout and a narrower upper bout. Weight is pleasantly light, and the semi-gloss finish is comfortable to the touch. Players with broad fingers will appreciate the wide fingerboard, but those with small hands should consider the ""Slim" version, with a neck 0.08" narrower at the nut.Sound is what really counts, however, and this Canadian dreadnought has nothing to be ashamed of there. The maker has the good sense to ship the instrument with high-quality, fresh strings, allowing the new owner to appreciate the notable bass and clear midrange as soon as it is tuned up. Overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume.Buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. Both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). If you are not experienced in these tasks, a local luthier should do it for no more than $30 or so.Based on sound, playability once adjusted, and construction quality, this guitar should definitely be included when comparing instruments in this price range. It is a real standout in value.Update 8 DEC 2012: The more I play this guitar, the more I love it. It delivers balanced sound with good dreadnought "snap", and once the action was dialed in, the broad fingerboard relieves finger crowding I didn't fully realize hindered my playing. I am considerng replacing my Takamine mini-jumbo with a Seagull equivalent.