As musicians, sometimes we find just the right sound or feel with a piece of equipment and it changes everything taking our performance to a new level.  For me it happened when I found just the right sound & feel from my Taylor acoustic guitar, the right vocal mics, the right mixer, my Bose L1 Model II, etc.Today I had one of those finds. After years of being somewhat dissatisfied with every capo I've encountered I discovered the perfect capo for me: the G7th Performance Capo.  I'm not kidding - it was one of those finds.  As an acoustic guitar player / vocalist, obviously, I have to play all of my songs in the right key for an optimum vocal performance.  This means occasionally relying on a capo to get just the right key with just the right chord shape/structure.  Unfortunately, some of my songs had "weak" spots (sending them to my "B" list) courtesy of the combination of a "weaker" chord for me (due to physical limitations) & the reduced sustain & tonal quality resulting from using a capo.  This dissatisfaction has had me on a "capo quest" which ended today when I found the G7th Performance Capo.The first thing I noticed when I used the G7th was the improved sustain over every other capo I've used.  All of those "weak" spots in my songs totally disappeared.  I quickly dusted off several songs that were on my "B" list & found the improved sustain & tonal quality allowed me to move them to my "A" list.I have no problem with the weight of this capo (others have pointed out that it is heavier) I can't detect any change in balance when handling my guitar (I play sitting on a guitar stool with the guitar resting on my leg - perhaps someone standing using a guitar strap might notice a slight difference in the balance.)  I love the "self-ratcheting" feature of the G7th.  I thought from some reviews & videos I watched that I'd have to pinch-down on the open end fairly firmly for a secure hold - this was NOT the case.  I think the G7th has just the right width & density of foam under the top bar:  a) providing more "friction" to hold this capo in place;  b) playing a role in very effectively dampening the strings; & c) possibly being more gentle on the strings than a more narrow/harder foam or rubber top bar, thus having less impact on tuning.I did find one slight negative about this capo which I was able to quickly overcome.  The end of the top metal bar (on the open end of capo) is slightly more "squared-off" than the end of the bottom piece (which in contrast is rounded off).  It may be just the way I play some chords, but my hand was contacting that squared-off end of the top bar & was getting irritated - so I simply turned the capo around with the open end facing me (versus facing the floor) & the surfaces contacting my hand were far smoother - thus, zero  irritation.  This was nothing new to me - I have had to do this with other capos.Others have commented on the cost of this capo.  For me, the cost of this capo was nothing compared to the many thousands of dollars I've spent finding just the right guitars, PA's, mics, & other equipment / accessories.  I almost can't believe it only cost me $40 to make such a difference in my sound. The G7th Performance Capo is priceless !!!Overall, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this capo - if you're like me - this could be a very inexpensive way to take your performance to the next level !!!  I'm a strong believer in having back-ups for critical components so I will immediately purchase another G7th as a back-up (maybe I'll order the black or gold & use my silver one as the back-up).