I'm raising my rating, and the result?  Getting "demoted" from the front page.  In any case, even though I recently picked up the Sony PCM-D50 from Amazon, I'm sufficiently impressed by the Zoom H2 to give it 5 stars and endorse it for anyone who wants professional quality results without the grief and expense of 8-16 track digital recorders or even the fuss of more complicated personal recorders.  For quite a while its only competition was the Edirol-R09, but as the price has come down, the Zoom H2 stands out from its immediate competition. Currently, the H2 is my "back-up" unit.  But for convenience or stealth purposes, I often use it as my main recorder.Anyone who receives this item is guaranteed to be impressed.  Production values haven't been spared in terms of the packaging; the included equipment (no batteries but a power adapter, protective pouch, handy table stand, mic stand adapter, wind screen, ear buds, USB cable, and a 256mb SD card); and the manual (a quick set-up sheet plus an ample booklet with generous-sized print written in clear, idiomatic English that makes some of Sony's recent instruction manuals look torturous by comparison).The screen and controls, admittedly, are minuscule, requiring sharp eyes (though the screen is well-illuminated) and nimble fingers (I much prefer the knobs and slider switches of my Sony to the touch-pad of the Zoom).  What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price, is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.  It's not simply another "guitar player's gadget," loaded down with an endless supply of effects, loops, rhythm and bass tracks, files within files, programs buried within programs.  The H2, unlike my pricey Sony, can handle both .wav and mp3 protocol, has microphone fields ranging from 90 degrees to 360 degrees,  is capable of applying compression limiting to recorded files, offers a wide range of sensitivity and placement for recording lectures, conversations, solo performers and orchestras.  In short, the device promises to deliver the quality of some of recorders costing a thousand or more--and in a practical digital storage card format.Other Pluses:  Although the instructions are quick to point out the input for an external microphone (the pictured ones are the two popular stereo mics made by Sony, costing $60 and $90 respectively), the Zoom onboard mic (actually 4) is darn good.  It captured the range and resonance of a grand piano and even managed to pick up a conversation in the kitchen and a grandfather clock's  chimes from upstairs.  And it's reassuring to see a mic with a surface area reminiscent of the mics of the past (a single tiny hole is more common these days).  Getting the recorded signal onto a computer's hard-drive is expedited with the included USB.2 cable, and from there you can edit the wave pattern in a program like Cool Edit (which I strongly recommend over editing in the recorder).  There's also a metronome on board (potentially useful for a student musician during practice sessions) and a tuner (useful for a student musician or a pro who wants his instrument to be in tune before recording).Possible drawbacks: 1. Zoom admittedly has overdone things a bit with all of the audiophile bells and whistles--limiters, compressors, cut-off levels, AGC control, auto-dynamic levels, sensitivity ratios, panning effects, and the list goes on.  It's too easy to miss a step, to waste precious time fumbling with the menu, to find your fingers going numb while making all of these tiny adjustments.  Moreover, the instructions, while clear and abundant, omit much information that would help the beginner.  The hypothetical audience keeps changing from someone who's a complete newbie to someone who's a knowledgeable aficionado.  And I have great difficulty imagining a harried band director or impatient student taking the time to fiddle with scrolling through the tiny screen's menu to get to a metronome or tuner. (Frankly, with 75 kids squirming in their seats I'd go to the old single-function, dial-up, block-shaped metronome without a second thought.)2. The H2 is so light that using it with the AC adaptor seems rather incongruous if not highly unlikely.  Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes only 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)3. My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it and simply transfer files in "real time."What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price (2/3 of the H4, 1/2 of the Edirol R-9) is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.Perhaps the primary deal-maker or breaker: The tiny screen and small controls.  Until mastering the miniaturization, I would want to have a "back-up" cassette recorder for any performance that I judged of special importance.  As for build quality, my H2 is like new after almost 18 months use. Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it--especially after seeing how slow (I mean really, "overnight" slow) the machine is in "Normalizing" a long file or converting it from .wav to mp3.  What takes minutes with a software program like Sound Studio or WireTap Studio requires hours when you're using the Zoom as a computer interface.  Use it for what it does best--namely, produce realistic audio from a tiny, weightless, durable device that practically makes the added attractions gratuitous and frankly puts to shame  its expensive rivals.