I am disabled, a disabled Vietnam Vet, and my mobility is becoming more limited every winter.  My wife bought me this for Christmas, thinking I needed a new hobby to keep me busy during the harsh winter months.I am so happy she did.  My first thought was "Now I have to learn how to play this thing".  I am so glad she chose this particular guitar for me to start with.  I now own 26 guitars and have even built 2 custom guitars.  I always get carried away with new projects and can already play quite well, or so I'm told.  I practice a lot.Now about the guitar.  I wanted to wait until I knew a little something before I reviewed it.  First, I don't know how they sell these for the price they do.  It is a very high quality piece, comparable to guitars in the thousand dollar price range.The action is nice and low, good especially for a beginner.  I did find just the perfect strings and it made a world of difference.  I use light D'Addaro strings and love the tone and feel.The Yamaha is solid wood everywhere, no laminate as you'd expect for this price.  The tone is fantastic, the finish is flawless and tough.  It sounds great gently playing or really getting down and rough with it.  I have been strumming vigorously for over four months now and not a mark is on the guitar.  I have been playing many other guitars, all electric as well and am looking at a high end acoustic now, but will always keep my first.  There is no reason for me to need another acoustic, I just will because I can.This Yamaha has great tuners and stays in tune well, rarely having to make an adjustment once the strings are stretched.The neck is nice, though a bit thick so I cheat sometimes with my thumb on the low E.  The set-up was perfect with this and I just can't see where it's going to take much if any maintenance over the years other than replacing strings as needed.The Yamaha came with a great hard case, tuner, pics and other goodies as a package and was very inexpensive.  I did put a nice soft leather strap with a quick disconnect on it as there is no front strap button but no big deal there.If you're looking for a nice acoustic or thinking about taking up playing, this would be a great place to start.  I see these selling used for what I paid for mine new so you're bot going to lose money on it either.  Read the other reviews, this is a really nice value.  It is still my only acoustic that I own, my other 25 guitars are all electrics or project guitars.  I do have my eye on a Martin though.5 PLUS stars for this one.  If you're considering it, buy it.  You will not regret it.  I still play this on almost every day.