The D'Addario Balanced Tension strings are a good value, and worth slightly higher price. These are excellent strings, the type that a gigging musician would likely use on their guitar. They are inexpensive and sound great. For somebody that is a casual home musician, coated strings might be a better choice. The difference, somebody that plays a two or three hours every day, will wear out a set of strings long before corrosion sets in. Somebody that plays an hour or two twice a week will likely never wear out their strings and corrosion becomes the bigger problem.The big question for me, is the Balanced Tension worth a little extra money? It seems like yes they are. The strings are slightly easier to bend and feel just a little bit better. There isn't a huge difference. The direct comparison string is D'Addario EXL110, (D'Addario EXL110 Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Regular Light, 10-46), at roughly $3.50 a set, these are good solid strings at a bargain price. The EXL110BT strings are about $5.00 a set. If I were going through a set of strings every few days, the EXL110's would probably be a better idea. But if a set is going to last a week or two, the savings overall is pretty small, I would use the EXL110BT's.My personal preference is coated strings, I like Elixir strings a lot. The new D'Addario coated strings are fine, but they end up being about the same price as Elixir. I'll stick with what I know well.My 1981 Lucille did love these strings. They worked out just fine.On the packaging, I don't like what D'Addario has done. All the strings are in a single plastic package, I prefer individual paper envelopes. They loop two strings together and I hate that. When I'm stringing my guitar I like to work with one string at a time, and this silly double loop makes me leave one string opened up on the bench. Sometimes the strings get crossed over when unlooping them and it makes me mess with the strings for a while. They are trying to save packaging, and that is a good thing. But seriously, that little paper wouldn't kill anybody. I also don't care for the color coded rings on the strings. Lucille has an open bridge where I can see those electric colors. It is a small thing, but I don't like it. I prefer that the rings all be brass, one color. Yeah, I'm the only one that sees that problem. If I work one string at a time from an individual envelope, the color coding is not necessary.These are fine strings. They are a great price and provide a little bit easier bend.