Just got my stand today... the QUICKEST delivery EVER with the Super Savings free shipping selected that I have ever experienced!  Go go, Amazon!  lulz  Anyhoo, I have two banjos and a mandolin that I purchased this for.  I looked about for quite a bit at various sites, reviews, prices, etc, and pretty much Hercules got the best reviews everywhere (although admittedly I hadn't really wanted to shell out over 50 dollars).  Yet this tri-stand really looked good with a solid general review, and I am rather tight for space overall (think trailer home size).  I wanted a way to hold my instruments in one place without having to work around gig-bags or hard cases taking up limited 'living space'. As it stands (figuratively and literally), the Hercules Tri-Stand does the job excellently with the two banjos.  All three instruments are varying heights, the resonator bluegrass banjo being the longest, and (naturally) the mandolin being the shortest, with a open back clawhammer banjo in the middle.The three 'back-rest' fold outs are static, attached to a center ring, and you "can" adjust them independently a *little up and down*, but not to compensate for such a length difference between a bluegrass banjo and a mandolin.  However, the mandolin is a really lite thing, so I suspect it will be fine just hanging there by the peg head without a 'back-rest' as long as the stand isn't jostled around.  In my own case, aside from two rather lazy cats and pending no sudden hip-smash-oops by me, that shouldn't be an issue.  And of course, considering I am looking at a possible third banjo, the mandolin may just go live in its case after all...Now a word about open back banjos, if you are considering this stand... First off, no, I was not going to rest the coordinator rod against the 'back-rest' (just seems like a bad idea).  What I ended up doing was adjusting the 'back-rests' so the resonator of the bluegrass banjo rested about an inch up from the bottom, allowing the open back to rest on the other side ON TOP of the rest, along the lip of the banjo rim, at the edge of the rest foam where it begins to curve out and down. The tail-piece nut is in between the two foam pads without touching a thing.  Seems pretty solid in this position while still engaging the weight clamps up at the top.I give it 5 stars mainly based on the excellent quality of the stand and the fact that it is the ONLY three instrument stand worth any kind of hoot I have been able to find.  Its not the absolute perfect thing for my own application (would need the three 'back-rests' to be independently adjustable in height for that), but overall I am extremely pleased with it.