I own several Electro-Harmonix pedals and overall I like the brand (even though the owner appears to me to be a sexist pig clown boy in many of his YouTube videos). Of those I own, two of them are the smaller versions of the GIGANTOR classic E-H pedals, one of them being the Little Big Muff.First of all, if you have no idea of the difference between fuzz, overdrive, and distortion you should look into it before you buy anything. These effects are used in different musical styles and produce different sounds, so your choice will depend on what exactly you plan to do. Do some research by looking on YouTube, looking at Dave Hunter's book on effects, and testing them out at a store.If you are looking for a basic fuzz box, the Little Big Muff will give you nice sound similar to (if not the same) as that of the Big Muff Pi, depending on the exact year/model you have. I think the tone is great, but as with most basic fuzz boxes, there are only so many different sounds that you can get out of them. It is simple to use though, and it makes a lot of noise.As a bonus, these don't take up a lot of pedalboard space compared to the Big Muff Pi, yet will give the same tone. It is great for punk, alt rock/grunge, and classic hard rock like Hendrix and Black Sabbath.I also have a germanium (red) Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini, another good small version of one of the classics, and the Fuzz Face mini that gives you the most low end emphasis of the three (the blue silicon and aqua Hendrix models boost treble more). To quickly compare it to the Little Big Muff regarding sound, the Fuzz Face does not have a tone control, but I think it gives a better control over the fuzz saturation. While the Little Big Muff will give you more control over the tone (EQ), like many EHX pedals it goes from zero to crazy rather quickly. In this case when you begin turning the Sustain, it is not long before you are in very fuzz saturated zone. As you increase the amount of saturation, you get more sustain but less control of the dynamics so all your pick attacks begin to sound the same. So, I'd say while both the red Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini & the Little Big Muff are good tools, each comes with its own disadvantages.Though some E-H units come with power supply, this one does not and you will need to get one unless you like changing batteries. Although few pedals come with power supplies, I think its lame not to include them and you will need to factor it into the cost of the unit.If you are into looking at pretty pedals on your board, then you might be able to find a prettier fuzz box than the stark and dreary industrial-looking Little Big Muff. I like pretty things, but the sound of this unit is too good to pass up and it is a great tool to have in your kit.Bottom line:(1) Gives the classic Big Muff fuzz sound(2) Does not eat up pedalboard space like the old GIGANTOR models(3) Noisy (not always in a good way) when on, but has true bypass when off(4) Has tone control (EQ), but the "Sustain" saturates very quickly so you get less fuzz control (limits dynamic control of your picking)(4) Simple to use, but limited sound palette(5) Decent price, but power supply sold separately(6) Bleak appearance (not shiny, colorful, or sparkly)