We geetarists are a funny bunch: we'll change out pots and caps and pups from our axes and amps all day long, and spend a fortune doing it. But sometimes we could make more tonal difference by just spending five bucks!Case in point: pure nickel strings. Time was when that was all there was...and gee whiz, that was a time when good guitar tone ruled. Coincidence? Nope. These things just sound better, if by better you mean warmer and with a subtle feel that your fingers will convey to your brain in milliseconds. If you're used to wrapped strings, and you like to play blues or classic rock or pretty much anything but metal, these might be all you need to make your rig sound a whole lot sweeter and smoother and just more musical in general. Especially if you use tubes.Tubes and pure nickel are like Gilmour and Strats or Angus and SGs. They just fit.I'm not nuts about Fender acoustic strings, but I like their normal electric strings fine, though Ernie Ball Slinkies have been my go-tos for many years. But these Fender pure nickels are very very nice, and at 4.75, they're a real deal. Most pure nickels run nearer to ten, and these sound pretty much the same, and I don't seem to break many of 'em neither. If you're used to mixed alloy, pure nickels might seem a little "dull", but wait a bit and you'll find that the harmonics are still there when the alloys have faded. Plus the feel is just smoother and nicer under the fingertips. Try a set and see what I mean. It's subtle but it's beautiful.But the main reason I love these is for playing at VOLUME! I turned my modded Hot Rod Deluxe up to call-the-cops levels (the neighbors are getting used to it by now), louder than the drummer by a good chunk, and I got: less squealing, warmer tone by far, and full chords, triads and double stops that felt and sounded smoother and grinded with more harmonic warmth than any alloy string I've ever used. I think there's an electrical cohesion between pure nickel and good pups and tubes that is simply sublime. Check out BB's tone on the legendary Live At The Regal to hear what I mean. That's the stuff.So, if you haven't tried pure nickels, spend a buck or two more (or maybe less!) than you normally do and give these bargain-priced nickels a try. You might find that you're a convert within seconds. I know that my ears sure love them when things are really cranked up; those Zep and Jimi riffs just sound and feel so much more right with pure nickel. And digging into some Otis Rush or Billy Gibbons licks is like night and day. The bluesy stuff just begs for pure nickels.Hell of a bargain at less than five bucks.