What can I say that has not been said about the other DRs that I have used. They rock, roll, andbend with the greatest of ease; once broken in, of course. If you want a mellower, bluesier stringwith decent sustain try DR Pure Blues.I decided to use 9's on my Fender Tele hollow-body because the company puts 9s on their guitars.I didn't want to worry about the nut being the wrong size and causing untold noises so I stuckwith the 9s. Hey, the Rev uses 7's; size does not matter when it comes to strings and tone.The other reason for the Pure Nickels was to tone down the ice pickiness one can get from P-90pick ups. Pure Nickels seem to mellow that out for me a bit. One more reason is that nickel iseasier on your frets; which is a good thing. Steel will wear down your frets a lot faster.I will say that my very first set of DR Pure Blues went bad after a few weeks. The windings brokeon the D-string at two places where the string fretted. The reason I kept going back to DR Bluesis that I have not had one problem on any of my electric guitars (4 solid bodies & another hollow-body) since then. Giving DR a second chance convinced me they will last and that my very firstuse in 2010 was a fluke.If you want strings that are an easier bend than steel or steel core nickels go with DR Pure Blues.Allegedly they are supposed to help give you vintage tone. This is because prior to the mid-40'smost strings were made of nickel. During WWII nickel was in short supply and so steel was used tomake the strings. Or so the historical theory goes.Gradually nickel wrapped steel strings and then pure nickel strings came back into vogue as playersbegan searching for the old vintage sound. To achieve the "vintage" tone I am sure you would alsoneed the right amp AND the right touch to get to that point. I am not necessarily looking for a"vintage" tone but love how easily these strings bend and how long they last. Your exact mileagemay differ.I have also never had anything rub off of the strings onto my fingers. The only time I get my fingersdirty is after oiling the fret board. There is usually is some residual oil left no matter how much I wipethe fret board. Definitely not the strings though. I have also never heard any string-squeak from thestrings that would give me pause either. Any string, even on acoustic, will squeak occasionally. Withan electric who knows if the pickups were set too high, or the nut is not cut right, or the wrong sizestring is used for the nut.Well there you go; what I have experienced with DR Pure Blues Nickel Wrap Round Core strings. I willalso say that on guitar forums that I frequent more people are giving DR kudos on their customerservice as well as their strings. So if you do get a bum string give them a holler. Now get out thereand play your heart out. Oh and how about working on that "vintage" tone while you are at it.Have fun.