I bought this pickup for placement in two ukeleles I own.The first ukelele was a Lanakai LU-21.  It installed pretty easily, except the adhesive lost its adhesion after I moved the pickup to a new location within the soundbox.  I need to get some stronger carpet tape or new adhesive to secure it more permanently in its new location.  It sounded great though -- several people commented on how loud and sweet the instrument sounded through a guitar amplifer and also through a mixer, amp and PA system.  We did have to boost the gain on the mixer significantly to get adequate volume, but we were able to project enough sound to do a dance for about 100 people.  Straight into a guitar amp, it gave plenty of volume.Happy with the results, I then installed a second one in a Mahalo painted/economy ukelele available here on Amazon.  The installation went well except the endpin jack wouldn't "stay put" in the sound hole.  On my Lanakai this was not a problem -- there is a ragged washer which goes on the inside of the endpin jack which is supposed to bite into the wood on the inside of the instrument.  It is supposed to stop the endpin jack from turning when you screw on a strap pin/bolt onto the endpin jack from the outside of the instrument.  On the Lanakai, this ragged-edged washer bit into the softer mahogany-like wood easily and did its job very well.  On the Mahalo, which is a smooth maple or pine, the ragged washer couldn't bite into the wood.  As a result, the endpin jack turned and turned when I tried to screw on the outer bolt/strap button and never went on tight enough.  I had to put masking tape around the end pin jack to make it fit snugly in the hole I created in the end block of the ukelele.  THEN there was enough resistance to allow me to install the strap button/end bolt very tightly.My biggest beef with this unit is the fact that it takes a 15/32 hole to fit it snugly in the ukelele.  This is an odd size, so you end up using a 7/16 drill bit which is common in most handyman drill bit sets.  Because this is too small, you have to make the hole 1/32" larger by whatever means you have available.  This was an agonizingly slow process when I tried to do it by hand, using a dowel with sandpaper wrapped around it.  A peg-hole reamer might have done a better job, but I didn't have one.So, I eventually found a dowel and glued some sandpaper to it, shoved it in my drill press, and slowly lifted my 7/16" hole in the ukelele into the spinning sanpaper dowel.  This took care of the sizing problem in a matter of seconds, although it was not a really tight fit, and necessitated the use of masking tape around the endpin jack in the Mahalo to stablize it in the hole.Also, the directions don't tell you much about the placement of the 3 nuts, 2 flat washers, ragged washer, and strap button/bolt that goes on the end of the jack.  I did it his way, starting from the inside of the ukelele:(Bolt1-Bolt2-thin washer-ragged washer)-- WALL OF THE UKELELE -- (outer thick washer, outer bolt3, outer strap pin/bolt).  The purpose of bolt1 is to stabilize bolt2.  This sequence of pieces worked on both instruments in which I installed the pickup.Overall, when played through different guitar amps, as well as a mixer/amp/PA system, I was pleased with the results of this unit in a ukelele.  I would buy another if I needed to amplify yet another accoustic instrument.