Nice little acoustic amplifier that gets the job done with high fidelity and sufficient volume.  Numerous reviews posted on Amazon, Sweetwater Sound, and Musician's Friend pages and the positive ones pretty much all hit the mark.  This is 60W mini-PA that amplifies your guitar nicely and reproduces vocals beautifully- if you have a quality mic.  There are 'package' sets with this amp by other sellers on Amazon that bundle cables and mics, et cetera... recommend steering away from that and just buying the amp from Amazon and getting a Shure SM58 (or other quality mic) seperately.Many reviews talk about the durability and how easy the amp is to ding and scratch cosmetically.  I see potential for that, too- thus the need for a carry bag mentioned below.  But I don't see this as a big downer and I personally don't mind if it takes on a road worn appeareance after bumping it a few times.  If appearance is your thing, shell out the extra $200 and buy a Roland or Fender...Shop around... click around... if you buy &#34;items sold from Amazon&#34; you can depend on Free Shipping.  If you buy from sellers THROUGH Amazon you will usually pay shipping and the overall pricetag will be bigger.  And as I've stated on other reviews, other sellers that sell through Amazon sometimes ship slower or make mistakes with shipping... so know that going in.  On your major music retailers' sites this baby is going for $360 to $380.  Got it to my door for $304.  I really can't say enough about the ease of shopping, trustworthiness, and quick delivery of items sold by Amazon.  5 stars just for service... the fact that the Amp is awesome makes it that much better.You probably won't be able to find a carry case that fits this amp, but I bought the 'Singer Black universal Sewing Machine Tote' for just over $20 and it's perfect.  It fits the mini snugly, with room for odds and ends like cables and mics and maybe a few small pedals.  With my current setup I can walk in the room carrying the whole shebang in two hands, and that's really neat.  The closest 'amp case' would be $100 1x12 combo case that won't fit right and would take away from the whole portability thing.You're not going to find 20 lbs and $300 worth of quality amp anywhere else.  When compared to other makers (Fender/Roland) nothing gets the consistently good reviews that this little guy gets, and I understand why.  Recommend without hesitation!  And as with all my reviews if something goes wrong down the road I'll edit the review to share.  But I expect that this amp will meet my needs for a long time to come...