My first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;Gee, it's a lot smaller than I expected.&#34; It looks like a CAD Equitek E100S but it's a fraction of the size. I'd even say it was cute. But how does it perform?I have two microphones I use for recording at my computer: A Blue Yeti USB electret mic, and a Sampson SAMTR101A. Of the two, the Yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in USB interface, like the Go Mic, so that's what I compared it to. I fired up Garage Band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old iMac) so I could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.Right off the bat I was impressed with the Go Mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the Yeti- maybe better. There was no perceptible delay.  No need to find a special driver, either. Plug it in and it's ready to go. There's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. Sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the Yeti. I tried all three modes: Carodid, Carodid + -10bD pad, and Omni. Omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. No matter how I backed down the volume in Garage Band I got clipping. Using the -10dB pad I was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. Best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the Omni mode.It has one advantage over the Yeti: It's very modest in current requirements, so I can run it directly off my iPad. The two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. Packaging is well thought out, too. The mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. And if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.While the Go Mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or Skyping.