This is a good quality microphone. The sound quality is good in the various modes, although I have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. It's easy to set up. Under Windows 7, all I had to do is plug it in. The instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for Windows Vista and XP. The instructions for Vista are mostly accurate for Windows 7, but I found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. Also there is no driver supplied by the company. The Microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. But it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure Windows ones. Also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. It's just a matter of attention to detail. The instruction manual is in English and French, but the warranty information is in French in both places. They both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the Los Angeles area. There's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate US law so I have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.The only real negative I experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. I'm using a fairly standard Logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when I typed. I unplugged the USB cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. Repeating the process yielded identical results. After rebooting the computer, the problem went away. Hopefully there won't be long term issues.The bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. It will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if I were sitting two feet in front of it. That's with volume settings that work clearly when I really am two feet in front of it. The down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. But those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself.