I don't gig. It is unlikely that I will ever play in front of a crowd. But if you're like me, play as a hobby and like to fart around with various sounds and genres, this amp is a blast. It is very likely that I will play a Johnny Cash song on Tuesday and a Metallica song on Wednesday. Pretty much just make sure your guitar is in tune and dial up the sound. No pedals, no hours of minor tweaks, just punch it up and learn the song. Virtually every genre is represented here. I also have to mention that although I like metal, I rarely play it. I prefer traditional R'n'R sounds and the Spider IV recreates tons of my favorites in addition to the high gain ultra noisey sounds. Even with the best modeling in the world, my Les Paul does not sound like a Strat being played through 65' Fender. It sounds digital. No getting around it.Something else that weighed into my purchase was durability. Although I only play for fun, I still play 2-3 hours a day. My 9 year old also is learning to play, so it gets a lot of use and moves from game room to garage to bedroom daily. The one thing that was common in virtually all of the reviews of Line 6 amps was that they were long lasting and durable. I have a family member that is a professional musician and one of his band members gig with the larger 120 just becuase they can take such a beating.Ultimately I decided that for the price ($300 at the time), I couldn't beat the Line 6. There is just no comparing a tube amp with effect pedals against a solid state modeling amp. They sound better, more prefessional. They are also designed to be played loud to get the most out of the tubes. Although the Line 6 sounds tinny and at max volume, for in home play, it sounds terrific. There are mountains of reviews that compare the Line 6 to Vox, Marshall or Fender. They are ALL better than the Line6, every one of them. But be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. Good amp, great value.