For the price, this is a steal. If you can, snag a pack of new strings and it will sound tremendously better. All in all with new strings I only spent about $30 on this uke and I think that is more than fair.If you can't get new strings, the ones that come on it will survive you a little while (but stock strings on any instrument are never great). Also, if you don't know how to to tune an instrument/don't have a tuner, you don't need to buy one; if you have a smartphone or iPod touch there are accurate tuning apps for nearly any instrument, ukulele included!A little back story: I used to play instruments when I was younger but stopped in my preteens/early teens. It's something I've recently been regretting more than ever. So, I'm fixing that! Not only am I relearning the instruments I played before, but I picked up a new one - the ukulele! Like many others, I was inspired by Amanda Palmer to do so ;)Back to the review!:The sound of the ukulele is great. It's not too tinny like a lot of cheap instruments are. After a week or so it has no trouble staying in tune and rarely needs adjustments. It's very lightweight (which is good) but I don't think it would survive a fall. It's a fingerprint magnet, but that's about the only gripe I have. I plan on sticker'ing and painting it anyway :) The gig bag, as other as said, is basically just a dust jacket. I'm cool with that because that says to me that the majority of the money I spent on this ukulele really was for the ukulele, not the extras!For the price, this ukulele more than serves its purpose. I was worried that I'd regret not shelling out another $20 or $30 for a more frequently recommended ukelele, but I don't regret it at all.It's pretty easy to learn, especially if you have the littlest bit of musical knowledge or experience. Even if you don't, it shouldn't take you too long to be playing some songs! You have the gift of internet where there is information everywhere!This ukelele is perfect for a beginner or for someone who wants a cheap backup or travel option. Plus, it's not costly so if it breaks/gets lost/stolen/you choose to upgrade, you haven't lost a whole lot of money.This would also be great for kids who want to learn an instrument. My little brother has been nagging me to get him a ukulele since I got one!That's about all! I will update if any problems arise in time.Don't hesitate. If you're new, don't worry about spending $50+ on something else (I mean, if you can and want to, go ahead!). This will be more than fine.Edit: Apparently, this thing fluctuates between $20-30. I was $24.95 when I got it. If it's $30, wait a few days and see if it goes down. I mean, it's worth the money but if you can save a little and spent that extra $5 on a new pack of strings, that would be even better.(I give it 4 stars and not 5 simply because while I have not played other ukuleles, I am certain that there ARE better. That's just how it is. The more $ you spend, the better. But this is definitely pretty solid over all for what it is and how much it costs!)