Well, just got it, plugged in and here are some initial impressions.1. Pretty much what I expected - much more "relaxed" at higher volumes than the M1.2. Definitely much bigger and fuller sounding with its commensurate drawbacks.- slightly less naturally sparkly compared to the M1- will have to reduce the mids a bit via the Fuse editor.- although it has less overall sparkle, that also translates to smoother highs. I was actually a bit hard pressed to get it to sound buzzy. This is of course via the front panel only. I'm sure it can be done using the Fuse editor.3. It's supposed to be 7 lbs. heavier than the M1 but it sure doesn't feel like it. I keep looking at the M1 fiendishly wondering if there's a way to shoehorn a 12" speaker in there.4. For the most part, the patches created in the M1 translated pretty well after the required firmware update, needing just a few adjustments here and there.5. I'm appreciative of the fuller more naturally extended low end as I won't have to crank the bass control as much as I have to on the M1. That of course translates to more headroom for the power amp.More from editing via Fuse - here are a few of the things that I found and liked.- The 65 Deluxe model sounds better with the 57 Deluxe's Cab and vice versa. The 65 has more headroom and works great as a clean spanky amp with the 57's cab while the 57 model's propensity to break up sooner works better with the 65's less sparkly cab. The 57 also seems to have more low end girth.- The Twin is a bit too icepick-y sometimes and it seems to pair better with the Bassman's cab.- The SuperSonic's Cab is a bit more muted at the top end than any of the other cabs and works well for sounds I use that have a bit more gain. It's good for keeping things from getting too buzzy. It's a very fat sounding Cab sim.- Both the M1 and 2 seem to respond really well with my Tex-Mex pickups. I have not played a guitar with regular sized humbuckers on these amps yet (my other guitar has mini humbuckers) but somehow I get the feeling that I won't like it as much as I do with the strat. I think this is understandable though. Since Fender has always been all about the single coils, I'm not surprised that the impedance relationship between these amps and my strat feels so spot on.So far, for 200 bucks... I couldn't ask for more.