When I first saw this item I wondered:  Why is the regular guitar version $6.99 and the bass version only $4.99?Suddenly an amazing clarity came over me and I realized-- the bass version only has to tune FOUR strings instead of six.  So it costs less because we don't need to use it as much!But then I remembered there are 5 string bass guitars and I thought, okay... shouldn't they have a $5.99 one for 5-string bass guitars?Sadly the universal clarity became even more muddied when I realized with some dismay that there are even 6-string bass guitars.  Will this even work on a 6-string bass?  After all, that's 2 more strings than its intended purpose!These perplexing questions aside, I find this to be an excellent and ideal tool.  Its function is three-fold:1) String winder2) String cutter3) Peg pullerSo no more running for the wire clippers to pull a peg or cut a string.  All the tools you need to change strings are in this one reasonably-priced tool.  Made by D'addario, the quality lives up to the brand.  It's solid, the wire cutter and peg puller well designed.  It does everything it's supposed to do, does it well and is of good construction.PROS:  Good strong well-designed unitCONS: The winder is held on by a single screw and there are numerous reports of that screw coming unscrewed during use.  I would recommend putting a drop of super glue down in the screw thread area to secure the screw and prevent that happening. Because of this design flaw 4 stars instead of 5.I note that there are reviews here as old as four years... and it appears this device has undergone design changes during that time.  Some say the head bowl is so deep it can result in scratching of the guitar head.  Others report it being so shallow it slips off the keys.What I believe is that it is a mistake to sell the BASS and STANDARD GUITAR version on the same page.  From what I can deduce from the reviews, it appears some folks have inadvertently purchased the BASS guitar version, which does indeed have a wide and deep cup, and did not realize it.  Imho, the two products should be listed on two different pages for clarity.  It's obvious from the reviews that some folks have accidentally purchased the wrong unit.Some have reported the peg puller being "metal" and scratching the bridge.  The one on mine is vinyl and while it is hard enough to scratch the bridge if one isn't careful-- the same holds true for needle nose pliers.Bottom line is there is some responsibility of the user to pay attention to what they're doing, don't get in a rush, and be aware of the need to protect their instrument while using ANY modification tool. I suspect if one is going to get in a hurry and try to change strings 0 to 60 in 5 seconds... they may wind up damaging their guitar.  Turn on the light, put on reading glasses if necessary to see... and take your time and this device should work fine.  Be aware when reading reviews that many seem to be out of date (dunno why the company didn't simply start a new listing when redesigning the device).