My only complaint is that it doesn't fold up smaller, but otherwise this is an excellent stand. I have to concede I'm a bit spoiled by the super light weight and much more compact folded dimensions of myK & M Memphis Pro Guitar Stand. However that light weight comes at the cost of a slightly more fragile build. The extra heft of the Hercules has the advantage of slightly better stability when you remove the instrument from the stand (the K&M; tends to want to bounce backward as the weight is removed if used on a padded carpeted floor). Despite not folding up quite as small, the Hercules is simpler to unfold and adjust (one action for legs, one action for height, whereas the K&M; has three separate legs and two vertical sections / clamps). I do realize that I bought the one without the folding yoke and am not considering that aspect when comparing it to the K&M.; Length and girth folded would still be quite a bit larger than the K&M; (large enough that I won't try carrying it in my gig bag pocket as I do the K&M;).I'm also not convinced Hercules' trade mark pivoting finger yoke is all that necessary on this type of stand. The back angle and the fact that a good portion of the instrument rests against the padded legs means it would take so much force to knock an instrument off of it that it's knock the whole stand over. No big deal, just more parts (and weight). I think I prefer K&M;'s yoke, as it automatically adjusts inward to the width of the neck as weight is applied. The Hercules has a fixed width yoke with pivoting "gates". Both work perfectly well with my Fender and similar bass head stocks.I've had two of the K&M;'s and the second was a bit of a disaster. It was defective in more than two areas. Defects happen, but one highlighted a weakness which concerns me a bit, and lead me to try the Hercules(I won't go into all of that here, see my review on that product). Aside from the potential weak spot of the yoke, the Hercules should prove to be far more durable and tolerant of my occasional clumsiness. I'm glad I purchased this one and I think I'll get plenty of use from it. But I should mention, it did allow me to better understand and appreciate the strengths of the K&M;, mainly its awesome portability (despite its slightly more fragile nature).In the interest of further comparison, I've got anUltimate  GS100 Support Genesis 100 Guitar Standon order, and will review it against this and the K&M; as well. I opted for the GS-100 without an automatic closing mechanism over the GS-1000 which has one for the reasons I stated above- I don't believe it is strictly necessary. The reviews of the GS100 are also more favorable, and the GS100 is cheaper (which suits my cheapness.