I ordered these for a Gibson Songwriter Deluxe EC Custom Vintage and they seem a little bit thinner with slightly smaller heads and a micro-touch longer than the stock pins from Gibson.The pins measure: 28mm -or- 1 1/4" inches in length.I was going to return them but figured I would try them out in my Gibson Blues King L-00 parlor sized guitar.It was about the same result, a little too thin, smaller heads and slightly longer but I went ahead and tried them.GLAD I DID.I didn't think that after using the Tusq bridge that came stock from Gibson it would make any detectable difference but I was wrong. I CAN tell a slight difference. I did not remove the strings, just loosened them so it was compared to the set that was on it, which were fresh from yesterday.A small amount of improvement in sustain and high end frequencies ringing out was noticeable.They also provide a graph in the packaging info, but I think that it was a test using BOTH the TUSQ pins AND replacement saddle. If you haven't changed your saddle...do it now and get rid of that soft plastic one.I must admit, I did order these with about 75% of "dressing up" the guitar in mind, and any amount of tonal improvement would be gladly appreciated but not expected. I got both.White with Paua Dot inlay looks very nice and provides the eye candy I was seeking, although there is no care taken as to "match the dots" for consistency, -they will vary in appearance.The TUSQ Pins being a wee bit smaller seem to slide down all the way...right away and need to be pushed all the way into the slot while stringing up the guitar. The heads set flush to the bridge mount compared to the Gibson stock plastic pins that stick up a little higher, and I do wish that the TUSQ pins were the same size.I will see how well they do on the Blues King and most likely will order new pins for the Songwriter Deluxe once they pass the test of time and playing for a month or two. I don't expect them to cause any problems and should provide the extra sustain and ringing that is very much appreciated in any small amount or fashion!If in doubt, consider changing your strings to a brand that might be more suited for the "tone" you have in mind, be it darker, brighter, softer, louder, etc. Strings make a big difference and I find using D'Addario phosphor bronze strings very bright & ringy, last long, are affordable, and seem noticeably louder than GHS or Ernie Ball. (steel strings only - does not apply to nylon or gut strings.)Once again, if you have a plastic saddle and/or nut then these pins might not make much of a noticeable difference...then again, they might make all the difference in the world! You just have to try them and see.They are inexpensive and pretty...well worth the risk!