First of all, don't be "oversold" by the "extraordinary value" that some reviewers claim this fifty-buck inputting device to be.  Akai is considered a budget-priced version of, and a step down, from Sony, which in the minds of some has dropped a few steps lower itself.  But it's the ideal solution for many of us who may be working at a desktop computer with Garageband, Band-in-the-Box, Finale, Sibelius, Audacity or a similar program.  The last thing I would do is lug a 50-pound PC or SP Kurzweil model (plus AC power transformer) upstairs to place on an over-crowded desk. Even the 12-pound Yamaha NP-30, with its 76 notes, is awkward to use for this purpose.  Make it nothing longer than a 41-note keyboard, but if you can get one at half the price of the E-Music 41-note, that may be the handiest, most practical device for your needs.Sure, there are alternatives.  You can click at a "virtual keyboard" that Garageband makes available for a mouse--but it's slow.  Or you can download a virtual keyboard to your iPad (or iPod) for a couple of bucks, but it's limited to no more than an octave and a "touch screen" which, though superior to mouse-clicking, still isn't as satisfying or "immediate" as inputting by pressing down on actual, physical keys.This cheaply-made--even "cheap"--but effective Akai keyboard fits the bill very nicely, especially for someone who's working in congested space.  It's regrettable the company refers to it as a "performance" keyboard.  It's nothing of the sort, nor should it be.  That's the reason I initially went with the NP30, only to find that the bi-purpose instrument I had in mind was impractical for either intended use.Take a look at the Korg "Nano" piano, and if you're a pianist, you'll immediately see the superiority of the Akai.  But be careful not to be lulled into purchasing the deluxe model of either the Akai or the E-Music, or you'll be close to spending as much as you would for a keyboard that lives up to the name "Performance."  This Akai model looks and feels like a kindergartner's ten-dollar toy, but it's the best compromise I've been able to turn up for my crowded work area.