I snagged this beauty during a holiday sale here on Amazon and this baby is wonderful for the price. I previously had theLucero LC100 Classical Guitar Black (Black)which I was completely happy with as a beginner. When it got damaged beyond repair, I looked into theCordoba Dolce 7/8 Size Classical Guitarwhich was absolutely wonderful but I decided I didn't really like the size, so after liking the Cordoba brand I decided on the C5.It is absolutely a wonderful guitar at this price range. The Lucero was great for my level and it was decent enough to look at but the C5 has a vibrancy and deep tone to it that I was surprised to hear from a budget guitar. While it isn't it the prettiest guitar out there, it's by no means ugly. Even though mass produced a lot of quality is still apparent in this guitar.The smell of this guitar is also amazing. It doesn't have the cheap wood glue smell of other low-end guitars, but a nice rich smell of wood. Even after a few months, kept in a humicase, the sound is great and that fresh wood smell is still present.All praise aside, it is not a flawless guitar. My main complaint would be that the action is really high but this is something that is pretty common with new guitars, especially those at a lower price range. Not necessarily a flaw but something to be aware of: being a cedar guitar, the wood is very soft so I recommend wear soft clothing without buttons or zippers on it while playing because these will leave small dents on the back of the guitar.I do enjoy the padded gig bag and thought that it was a nice touch to the package. It is a high-quality gig bag with lots of padding. Inside the bag is a velcro neck rest with a strap to keep the guitar in place. It also has a large front packet that is large enough for a few music books. When I ordered this guitar from Amazon, the guitar shipped inside the gig bag and inside of a big box. I had no issues with shipping and the guitar arrived safely.Overall, I do not regret this purchase and once I take it in for a setup to get the action lowered, it will be a superb guitar that I will enjoy for years. Highly recommended!