SUMMARYIf you aren't using locking tuners, you're wasting time when you restring. They are just faster and easier. Overall, this is a really nice convenience upgrade on guitars and it's not very expensive to do. Fender uses these on the American Deluxe, and once I got one, I had to have these on the rest of my stratocasters. Because they save time restringing, you are more inclined to restring frequently, which means you sound better. (Fresh strings can do a lot for your sound!)I've put these on several guitars I have, and always appreciate them when changing strings. At instalation be aware these are staggered height tuners so be sure to put them in the correct holes (see below). These are drop in replacement tuners for most modern MIA and MIM Fender Stratocasters and Telecasters that use a Shaller style tuner. Fender makes these relatively cheap now in chrome, although I wish they would make them affordable and available in a gold finish. I've seen also seen nickel and black, and they make gold but hard to find and rather expensive (something like $120 a set).FUNCTION/PURPOSEI think people believe these somehow give you more stable tuning or something but that is actually not their purpose. Proper use of a traditional non-locking tuner is just as stable. Some folks don't actually understand how to properly use traditional tuners and they don't get stable tuning as a result because they use too few or too many wraps and don't string it correctly. For those folks, these will elimiate the resulting "pings" and such. But their intended purpose is to speed string changes. I believe that some folks confuse locking tuners with a locking nut in that respect. A locking nut quite definitely makes for more stable tuning, and that's why you always find them with Floyd Rose tremolos which are made for dive bombing. But locking tuners are not really for that purpose.FIT AND INSTALLATIONRegarding fit, these have 2 little pins on the backside. If you are considering a replacement, make sure you get tuners that are the right size and configuration for your guitar so you don't have to drill the back of the neck, the tuner bores in the headstock, or use inserts. If you want to use these but don't have the little alignment holes, Stewart Macdonald makes a small drilling jig for drilling those holes. It's expensive (about $40) but not as expensive as messing up your neck or breaking the tuners when you tighten them down on ill fitting mounts. It is nearly impossible to drill those alignment pin holes correctly without a jig, and even with the jig, easy to be slightly off. These fit most newer FENDER stratocasters and tele's, both american and MIM and will be a drop in replacement with no muss and no fuss in most of those cases.Pull one of your existing tuners out and look at it before you change. If you have a squier or a knockoff you may want to measure the headstock bore and remove a tuner to look at the back mount. Maybe buy and inspect, with the knowledge you might have to return them. There is usually an exact fit drop in replacement locking tuner that can replace your standard tuner so if this isn't it, look for one in the same brand as what is on your guitar now. Be aware different tuners also have slightly different holes bored for the main peg hole.Typical neck bores for tuners (by brand) are shown on the warmoth site at [...]These are the holes that warmoth uses on custom necks when fitting tuners of various brands:- For Fender/Shaller tuners, its a two step bore, with the main portion being 25/64" and the rest at 11/32".- Vintage style tuners use 11/32"- Gotoh and Grover use a two step 13/32" to 11/32"- Sperzel uses 25/64"- Planet waves uses 13/32"Of course, if you are mechnically inclined, have the tools, and don't mind potentially drilling additional holes in your neck, you can almost fit any tuner you want on any guitar. Sometimes that means using inserts or bushings, or drilling a hole for a tiny backmount screw, or for alignment pins in different locations...but the best answer is to use a tuner that is a drop-in replacement.When installing, be sure to look at the height of the pegs on your old and these new tuners. These are not all the same length -- they have staggered heights - 3 long and 3 shorter. (I think I have also seen some sets that are 4/2 but these are 3/3.) Put the long ones in the E-A-D string holes, and the shorter ones in the G-B-HighE holes.