It really pains me to give anything but a 5-star review to a BOSS product, since I'm such a big fan of their product line and build quality overall.  Those compliments apply equally to the CS-3 Compression Sustainer.  And it does do the job reasonably well without me having to worry about putting a less-reliable brand in my signal chain.However, there are some minor issues with this pedal that you need to know.  The two most common complaints that I see are that it adds "noise" to your amp and that it changes the tone a bit.  The former complaint is probably true, though if you're enough of a hobbyist to use a Compression Sustainer, you're probably already contemplated using a noise gate/suppressor, such as the BOSS NS-2.  Problem solved.As for the latter complaint (changes tone), that's also true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing if you LIKE the tone that results.  The whole point of the CS-3 is that it's supposed to cut out the extremes of your tone and sustain it.  This can result in a muddy, "neutered" tone, though you can play with the TONE and other settings to help it.  I also find that with the settings all at 12 O'Clock, the output is too quiet compared to other pedals at default settings.Really, while BOSS pedals are considered to be "expensive" compared to many of the other effects out there, the CS-3 should really be viewed as a "budget" or "entry level" compressor, when you consider that most of the quality compressors are either in rack units or something like a Keeley Compressor costing north of $200.  The best thing you can say about the BOSS (even compared to the similarly-priced MXR options) is that the CS-3 gives you a great deal of control over your compression for a reasonable price.  The biggest negative of the pedal, in my opinion, is that the resulting sound might seem a little too...compressed.But there are a lot of things you could do with a CS-3, and it works best paired with other pedals (chorus, delay, some distortions) that you're trying to smooth out.  Ultimately, it's a pedal that could have been better, though there aren't too many significantly better alternatives until you get north of $100 anyway.