I use my Shure SM7B mainly for podcasting and voice work and it performs extremely well in those applications.  I also use aHeil PR-40 Dynamic Studio Recording Microphoneand you can check out that link for my review on that item. Both microphones are dynamic microphones and both give my voice a very warm, natural feel.One thing, well actually two things, the Shure SM7B has that the Heil PR40 does not is a set of two switches.  One for bass rolloff and one for mid-range emphasis / presence boost.  While both of these switches can be useful, I prefer to keep the mic flat and let any outboard processing / EQ handle adjustments that need to be done.  If you don't have outboard processing, both of these could be helpful to you as the bass rolloff really does help keep low frequency noises (for example, someone bumping the table) to a minimum and the presence boost does help certain voice ranges cut through the mix a bit better.When I reviewed the Heil PR-40 I said that it was the best bang for the buck out there and the Shure SM7B may be changing my mind a bit.  While the PR40 is about $70.00 cheaper than the SM7B here on Amazon at the time of this review considerations must be made to the fact that most PR-40 users will want to use a shockmount (about $100) and pop filter / windscreen ($15 - $60) to get the best results out of the microphone.  With the SM7B the shockmount is built into the microphone and does a surprisingly good job and Shure includes two different foam windscreens (one for normal use and one for ultra-close up use) with the microphone.  So the bottom line is the Shure SM7B with all the accessories is probably going to be less than the Heil.Another thing worth mentioning is that like the Heil PR-40 the Shure SM7B is built like a tank.  It is a heavy microphone and in my opinion just looks very cool whether it is mounted on a boom or on a desk stand.  Both microphones perform about the same as far as rejecting any off-axis sounds and both are excellent microphones for voice and podcasting applications.The SM7B takes a little more to drive it than the Heil PR-40, so you'll want to make sure that you have a decent mixer / pre-amp that can handle the microphone.The bottom line is the Shure SM7B is a very high quality microphone and I would highly recommend it.  If you're comparing it to the Heil PR-40 most likely the thing that will make the difference to you will be the aesthetic differences and the price because the performance of these two is very, very close.