The Behringer UCG102 device is an aging (yet affordable) piece of hardware that offers the intriguing option of plugging your guitar directly into the USB port of a computer.  This opens up a number of possibilities for recording or simply for playing with headphones.  For the budget player, it could be argued that a mere $32 investment unlocks a world of free amp modeling and recording possibilities.However, while the actual hardware is compact and seems function properly, there are some significant problems here.  First and foremost, there is the problem of getting the device to work, getting the software to recognize it, and configuring it to run without significant "latency" (which is a delay effect where you don't hear a played note immediately when it's played, which can make monitoring anywhere from frustrating to impossible).  The UCG102 runs on an ASIO driver.  They include an older version with the software, and you can snoop around online and find other options.  But that doesn't mean it will necessarily work with your software, or work well if it does.  For example, Audacity is a popular "freeware" program you can use to record and mix audio files on the computer.  I've been told that Audacity doesn't work with ASIO drivers, and when I got it to record, the latency issues rendered it unusable.You do receive two other software options with the device.  The first is energyXT2, which I believe includes a license for the compact version.  In theory, this program should work like Audacity and contains a number of amp models and effects, in addition to drum and bass track loops.  However, I have had little luck figuring out how to monitor and record with this program.  I'm sure it CAN work, but if you need a computer science degree to figure it out, that's really not ideal for a budget product.The second item is a trial disc with Guitar Combos by Native Instruments.  So far, this has been the most impressive of the options offered.  You can demo three different amp simulators (Vox, Fender, and Marshall) and then enter a code to unlock one of the three.  I like that it gives you an interface similar to a real guitar amp, which allows you to dial in some realistic tones.  It's also the only program I've been able to get the headphone jack to play through both ears in (there are problems with recognizing mono vs. stereo).  I adjusted the sound quality to get latency down to 8 miliseconds, which is just into the range where I don't notice it as a problem.  Still, while the models sound good, I'm not sure how often I would bother plugging into my computer just to do basic playing and recording.Shortly after ordering this device, I discovered that my sound card has a blue "line in" audio jack on the back.  By running a simple 1/8" to 1/4" audio cable from my pedal board to the sound card, I can do direct recording, which is monitored through my computer speakers (no latency) and sounds great.  Even better, this method works through Audacity and allows me to record and layer tracks.  If the UCG102 worked as advertised, it would be a more convenient way of doing this, but I simply can't recommend it for most people.  I feel like there's "4-star" potential somewhere in this device, but I doubt I'll ever have the patience to unlock it.  3 stars.