These are excellent, inexpensive guitar strings. They are perfect for somebody that plays gigs and changes strings frequently. For the more casual player, these might not be the best choice.For the gigging musician, there is nothing better than these D'Addario strings. They are light weight, have great sound, and are inexpensive. These might take a very slight nod over Ernie Ball strings.For the more casual musician, somebody that isn't changing their strings once a week, these are probably not a great choice. Personally, I use Elixir strings on my electric guitars, a Les Paul 2008 Standard and a 1982 Gibson Lucille. I do not play gigs, so a set of strings doesn't see an hour or two of really hard playing per night. The coating on Elixir's helps keep corrosion down and is easier on my fingers; I like their feel a bit better than these strings. I get about a month of playing from those strings. Sadly, these D'Addario strings are really only good for about one or two weeks of playing.I've tried a variety of strings, Ernie Ball, Elixir, and D'Addario, on my guitars and the way I play, the Elixir's just sound and play the best to me. Of course, your mileage may vary. If I did start to play gigs, I would probably switch to a more affordable string like these.A silly cosmetic thing, I hate the packaging of these strings. D'Addario makes a huge deal out of reduced packaging and being environmentally responsible with their products. The strings come in a cardstock outer box, with a single plastic package inside. Each string size has a different colored ball on the end to help a person figure out the string gauge. I change strings myself, and I really prefer the individual paper envelopes for the strings, with the gauge clearly printed on the package. If you are new to changing strings, or only change them infrequently, this all in one package will confuse the heck out of you. Especially at first, I preferred to work with one string at a time.D'Addario also makes a major deal out of the serial number on their package to help fight fake strings. Their website has a place to enter the serial number to verify the package of stings is authentic. I kind of disliked the fact that you have to enter an email address to even get started. They could have very simply left a spot to enter the serial number with no other information necessary.In the end, the silly colored balls at the end of the strings, well they look goofy on my guitars. I wouldn't mind the colors on an acoustic (the ball gets hidden by the peg anyway), but those balls are visible on my electric guitar. I just prefer the simple gold balls on the ends of other strings.