This is a terrific value for anyone who wants something like the Shure SM58 but doesn't want to lay out $100. I bought it myself as a kind of experiment. I'm learning blues harp. I wanted to try out mikes that could be used for a combination of vocals and harmonic playing. For this reason, the mike had to be one that I could cup in my hands but also mount on a stand. While my Astatic JT-30 has the great shape and crunchy sound that harp players love, I can't (easily) mount it on a stand and use it for vocals.The spherical receiver makes the XM8500 pretty easy to cup in my hands. The torpedo body mounts easily on my OnStage boom mike stand. And the low-impedance output feeds nicely into my guitar amps with no need for preamping or impedance-matching (and no resulting noise or signal loss).The mike isn't perfect, but its low cost and generally excellent construction more than make up for the slight deficiencies. Here are a couple of more casual notes:1. The mike in the picture looked bluish to me. What I actually received was a mike with a very nice black finish.2. The product description seems to report a weight of 8.5 ounces. I measured this mike at 10.3 ounces. That gives it a substantial feel although the mike is still a bit lighter than similar dynamic mikes that I've used.3. The mike has 500 ohms impedance and a frequency response up to 16,000 Hz. Bluesmen prefer a cut-off at 10,000 to give a midrange boost, but tweaking can compensate for the extended range on this mike.4. The mike doesn't have an on-off switch, perhaps its  only real deficiency. These switches really are very handy.5. In actual use, the mike dosn't seem very susceptible to pops, and there is no hiss.6. The mike comes with a pretty substantial hard-shell carrying case with a molded foam interior that is more than enough protection. I find a smaller zippered case to be more convenient for pacing this mike in a suitcase, but if you are toting a fair amount of equipment around, or storing this at home, then the oversized case should work well.I hope this helps.