Being from Tampa, I wanted my first guitar to be a Dean. Sure, there are plenty of other options out there, but I just had it in my head thats what I wanted. Well, I must say I am very happy with the purchase. Guitar arrived in its triangular shelf box, inside another Dean shipping box, which was wrapped in bubble sheet packed inside yet another, larger, Amazon box. Was essentially ready to play right out of the box, with a few quick turns of the tuning pegs. One knock on it I have seen online before buying was that the tuners don't hold tight, I have not yet had this problem after a week of playing it, including some drastic bends. Checked with a steel straightedge and a light, the neck was dead flat and straight. The edges of the frets could use some more finishing, they are still a bit edgy. I have seen others mention filing them down a bit, same thing that would be done on a more expensive guitar at the factory. I will probably get some diamond files and do this as well, I keep hanging up my hand on them on the bottom of the neck. I'm no expert on tone, but this has a nice even sound and responds well to pretty much any pedals or effects I've thrown at it. I did restring mine with the DR Neon Multi-Color strings for using with Rocksmith, which required adjusting the intonation. The low E and A strings ended up at the very end of their range, and the A is actually still a tiny bit flat. This could well be a factor of those particular strings though, so I wont knock the guitar for it. As others have noted, the finish can vary drastically. Mine is much darker than the stock photo and the grain is much less noticeable. Overall, looks a nice piece, especially for the cost. I could not ask for better for this price. From what I hear from more experienced players, as I progress I could easily upgrade the tuners and pickups, though I think I will leave this one alone and just get a higher end guitar when its time.OVERALL:Nice looking, feeling guitar for a beginner.PROS:Excellent value.Good quality construction.Feels and looks good right out of the box.Can be upgraded in time if you choose.CONS:Tuners may or may not slip when playing hard.Finish is variable, be willing to accept whatever shade you get.