I'll start off by saying that I'm a proud owner of:- Gibson ES125 Acoustic/Electric- Pono MSD-E- Blackheart BH5H- Blackheart BH110- A Weber Vintage Series 10A125 (10 inch, 8 ohm, 30 watts) in an open back, solid pine cabinet- A Jensen Mod 10-50 (10 inch, 4ohm, 50 watts)- All tube Fender Tweed ChampNow that you know the gear I have, what I can play through an amp, and what I can plug an amp head into, I'll sum up my review with this:What you get out of this amp is completely dependent on your speaker cab, the cables you use, and how clean your power is. Got good gear?  This little amp will sound great.The DetailsThe amp itself is tiny.  I have an Electro-Harmonix pedal that's bigger than this amp! Still, it packs a punch.  With the gain at about 1/3 up and the volume at half, I get great clean tone and enough volume for a small venue.  Crank the gain up more and it gets louder and more distorted as you go.  Yes, this little amp will go from Jazz & Country to Rock & Metal with a twist of a dial.The line in and headphones jacks are a nice touch that none of my other amps have.  If you want to quietly play along with some tunes, you can.  Practice time just got better for your neighbors.The one lone tube in the Micro Terror is the pre-amp tube.  Mine came stock with a JJ Tubes 12AX7.  I understand that's standard.  A JJ is nice, but it will *not* warm up this little hybrid enough for you to get even a whiff of tube tone.  Dig out an old Phillips, RCA, Sylvania, or GE to get this guy to sound a bit like its big brother.  I had an old GE made in Great Britain lying around and popped it in my Micro Terror: warmed it right up; cleaned up a bunch of high-end tinniness.Still, compared to my two-tube BH5H or my all tube Champ, this guy does sound more solid state than anything.  BUT, compared to a buddy's Roland and solid state Ampeg, it's downright mellow.No effects loop means that your time-based effects (reverb, echo, chorus) can get noisy. So, if you like pedals, stock up on 9 volt batteries to avoid power adapter noise add in.Speaking of power adapters: a previous reviewer is right.  The external power brick for this guy seems fragile.  I'm not a fan of the thin line from the brick to the amp. It's holding up, but one round with my cat and I'll be looking for a new power supply.The RubAnnoyance #1:  One cheap cable anywhere in the mix will result in annoying HISS even at low volumes.  I found that out quickly.  So, get a proper speaker cable and a high end instrument cable or you will hate this amp.  I'm running it with a GLS 12 gauge speaker cable and a Planet Waves American Stage instrument cable - both available here at Amazon or any good guitar shop.Annoyance #2:  This is a 20 watt amp, right?  WELL... if you don't run a 4ohm speaker, you won't get all 20 watts.  The Micro Terror self-adjusts to the power needed to drive your speaker by stepping down output. (Yes yes... don't quote physics to me.)  At 8ohms, I still get good volume.  But at 16ohms (like my BH110) it sounds like a 5 or 7 watt amp.  That said, I'm actually a fan of the tone I get with my 8ohm Weber in its pine cab. The 8 inch Jensen speaker in my Champ, while nice, can't put out the low notes like I'd prefer and the Jensen Mod 10-50 is TOO clean.  But the Weber 10A125 sounds fantastic to my ears; even with the loss in volume.Annoyance #3: The Micro Terror is so small and so light, it'll tumble right to the floor if anyone kicks your chord.  Unlike a nice 20 pound amp, the chord won't pull out.  So: BE CAREFUL.Mitigation for Annoyance #3: The all steel chassis can handle a tumble from three feet up onto hardwood floors... though, it will gouge your floor.And then there's the standard annoyance that comes with owning any guitar amplifier: if the power is noisy or ungrounded, you will wind up with hiss no matter what.  I always carry a Monster HTS 350 and run my amp through it; that REALLY helps in cleaning up signal noise.  (If you don't have one, get one.  The 300 & 350 are cheap and they work.)The SummaryAfter all that, I can still say:  I love this little amp!  I've gigged with it and it sings well.  Plus, the added gag of tiny ukulele + tiny amp always draws a laugh... until I crank the dial over and shred some faces.For the price, you can likely afford to pick up $40 worth of guitar/speaker chords and wind up with a healthy rig.  And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp.  I know I'm happy.