First, I would be extremely wary of the durability of any piano bench for under $50. Second, as a professional piano player I have never found a use for a traveling "bench" or "stool." Think about it: you've got a heavy keyboard to haul plus an amp plus a keyboard stand and maybe a music stand, electric light and music, perhaps even a storage case for the cables, adapters, extra fuses, batteries, tuners, sometimes an extra keyboard or two, or a couple of tone generators with MIDI cables, or, if you still pack a Rhodes, spare tines and a pair of wire cutters--and you're going to add a bench (!) to your weekly moving equipment caravan?In 90% of the locations that I've worked, I'm able to locate a plain chair without arms (usually the kitchen crew knows where the house spartan chair can be found). Not only does it reduce by one the paraphernalia, but it helps protect against the body structure problems to which piano players, especially, are prone over the course of thousands of hours of slouching, subjecting finger joints to unhealthy amounts of pressure, too caught up in chords and scales and retrieving half-remembered melodies to register the physical-neurological effects until after the job.  I've always envied the lounge act players who can stand while playing--far better for the entire musculature configuration of the human anatomy (not to mention prostate). In fact, if the club or restaurant has a regular piano bench or one of those padded, rising and lowering black Steinway cushions, try to replace it with a plain chair without arms. Especially if you're doing 4-hour gigs, sometimes two in the same day, you'll notice the difference short and long term.Bottom line, your back needs more pampering than your bottom, which is why you need a seat with a back. Only concert artists like Horowitz and Rubenstein could get away with those cushy Steinway stools--30 minutes to complete the concerto and be done with it (actually most of the stress was gone upon completion of the cadenza of the first movement). Some of us aren't that lucky--or gifted--or smart.