SummaryAcoustic sounds &#34;ok&#34;, but noisy in weird ways. I returned it. Price seems high for what it is and vs. alternatives in the marketplace.Pros- Boss case is metal, mechanical design is durable- standard 9V power, and the power jack is on the back where it belongs.- variety of acoustic sounds possible. (personally, I only thought 1 of them sounded realistic at all though)Cons- fizzy noise integrated with notes played (or chords)- generally kind of noisy in the pedal chain- While I have several Boss pedals, I think they always make the knobs too small and the font/print too small. I prefer pedals with larger and fewer knobs that can be tweaked with your toe if needed while playing.Details:The basic concept is good. I had an AC-2 (prior model) and sold it because it had a noise problem where there was a fizzy noise when you play a note. It wasn't in between the notes or when not playing, it was integrated with the sound of every note you played (or chord) and you could not filter it. It was also just noisy in the pedal chain. Adjusting your guitar volume down for higher gain pickups helps some. However, I sold that model because I didn't want the pedal in the chain with everything else and I wasn't happy with the sound. At the time, the AC-2's were selling for about $85 new. Boss since redesigned AND raised the price significantly on the AC-3.I bought the AC-3 hoping they had improved the issues of the AC-2 -- and they did, a little. But not enough to keep it. I returned it after a week because it still has the same basic issues, just not as pronounced. I think the AC-3 could work for gigging, but there are other choices that sound as good for $25 instead of $130 to $150 (with tax and/or shipping) so to me, the boss pedal is overpriced and not that great.I opted for a Behringer acoustic modeller instead. They make two -- a &#34;300&#34; and a &#34;400&#34;. The 400 has reverb on the pedal. I opted for the 300 and got it for $25. I expect the durability will be lower on the Behringer than the Boss as it has a plastic case. However, this is an effect I pull out just once in a while and since I can buy 4 or 5 or 6 Behringers for the price of a Boss....if it breaks...I'll just buy another.I also have a Boss GT-100 multi-effects unit. You can get the same or similar acoustic modelling sounds out of that, out of the Behringer or out of the Boss AC-3. The least cost effective of those choices is the AC-3 - and it has noise issues the other two don't have.I'm not saying its a bad pedal, I'm just saying it wasn't the best choice for me when considering the cost, the sounds, and my usage model. If they would fix the noise issues, I might have even kept it. I did opt to keep the Behringer for those times I'm using a discrete pedal board and want an acoustic model effect. This Boss pedal just didn't work that well for me.