From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:"Alright, so you want to get a good (if somewhat "basic") distortion sound for less than $100? This is your deal."I strongly disagree.  You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $100 or less, even a few near or under the $40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.I've played guitar for over 10 years.  Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1.  Afterall, everyone talks about them, they're available at any given music store in the nation, you hear about all these famous musicians using them, plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap!  So I snapped one up just like everyone else.  Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR, that doesn't always mean its GOOD (see: Nickelback, the Transformers movie franchise, the Kardashian family, etc...).So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.So here are some pedals I currently own that I like much better than the DS-1.  All of them are great general purpose distortions, easy enough to find new and used in most guitar shops, and can, at the time of this writing, be bought brand new for $75 or less here on good ol' Amazon.com, and are rugged enough to last for years:Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.Pro Co RAT2:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.EHX Little Big Muff:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.MXR Distortion +:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially theMOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moowhich honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.