Overall, as with most Zoom products, this unit is a winner and cannot be touched by it's competition in it's price category except for perhaps the Olympus LS11 which is cheaper but the Zoom has a ton more features.Build quality is good, features are good (the only unit in it's price range to have combi XLR / 1/4" TRS inputs) and it records to a high quality.However, I think Zoom almost went too far with features and perhaps they could have focused more on making it THE BEST digital recorder under a grand and making it a great USB digital interface instead of spending money on the 4 track feature and all the built in effects and other fluff that works O.K. but is much more easily realized in a simple digital 4 track recorder (e.g a Tascam PocketStudio)The manual is a farse in Japanese /English translation and any person that does not have experience with recording devices like this might really struggle to learn how to use this unit (although it's fairly intuitive to operate if one is familiar with such devices - I gave up on the manual and just dug around in the menus, but the unit is still a little 'fiddly' to operate in advanced modes.My last comment is in regards to the H4n as a USB interface. I have played with it a bit and so far it does not make a good interface. First of all it is only 16 bit and I can only get it to work with MME drivers. I have read that there are some ASIO drivers available for Windows 7 but I use XP. I may try to use ASIO4all but it is still only 16 bit and therefore not much use for serious interface work. There is a direct monitor function but there still seems to be some timing issues when multitracking with a DAW software (I have only tried it with Cakewalk Sonar). I had hoped to use it with my laptop as a portable interface but sadly I can't seeing it being of much use in this regard.However, overall the unit is stellar and I highly recommend it.PS. I read some folks having issues with line inputs (e.g. recording a stereo mix from a mixer). I personally don't see the problem, the inputs are designed to accept a variety of signal types. If it is not working for your situation one can always use a TRS Hi Z unbalanced to XLR Low Z balanced converter, available at Radio Shack for around 20 bucks.