For most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  You simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a "shimmering" effect.  It's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern "indie" rock.  But most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a Boss or other expensive tremolo option.  In fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.Enter the Joyo JF-09 Tremolo.  This pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  The only two controls are for Intensity (depth of the volume swells) and Rate (how fast the swells cycle).  The LED light dims rhythmically along with the "Rate" control, which is a nice visual indicator.As for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  It doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  I'm not a "tremolo expert", but the effect sounds as it should.  If you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from Catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  I'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the Joyo won't detract from my score.Regarding the quality and durability of Joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  I've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, I like them that much), and I've yet to have one fail.  The early run of Joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the JF-09 Tremolo and every pedal numbered from JF-01 through JF-17.  The more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, "cheaper", and the switch is a little more suspect.  I recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the U.S., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from China.  Many of the U.S. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.Highly recommended!