As far as amps that model vintage tones.  This is the best.For my ear, Line 6, Vox, Crate, Digitech etc are nowhere near the Fender Mustang if you are comparing Vintage tones.I have played amps and effects from many companies, as well as many of the 'hybrid amps' that combine tube and digital tones, and if you are looking for the best recreation of Vintage Blues, Rock, Hard Rock, Country tones... the type of tones that you get from some of the famed Fender amps, the Mustang Series is as good as you are going to do.I originally bought the Mustang I for my 9 year old son to be his first practice amp and when we hooked it up for him, I could hardly let him play.The tone editing is easy through the controls on the amp.  It is easy and straight forward to see what you need to do to tweak your sound just by turning knobs.  When you add the Fender FUSE to the mix and start to download new tones from the web and tweak it with dozens of stomp boxes and effects that are free to play with and try and keep on your amp this is an amazing value. (not to even mention the Ableton recording software that comes for free with the amp.)The reason I love this amp is because of the faithful recreation of the great Fender amps like the Bassman, Deluxe Reverb, and Twin Reverb.  I have never heard a digital sound replicate tube amps even close to this well.I have heard several people say that they would never buy this amp because it is not a tube amp or because they are not computer savvy.For the Tube amp snobs...Nothing is going to match the sound of a really great Fender Tube amp.  But if you want to recreate great fender amps at low volumes the Mustang will be a great practice amp for you. OR... if you want to bring an amp to practice that weighs a fraction of what your Fender Tube amps weighs, the mustang is a great choice.  I am selling my only tube amp now that I have the Mustang II because I don't gig and really need an amp that I can practice with at night while the kids are in bed.For the Non-Computer folk...There is plenty to keep you occupied on this amp without ever plugging it into a computer.  And if you want to give it a try, it couldn't be easier to download new sounds and tweak your favorite tones.For the Metalheads...This amp probably is not for you.  Go try and buy a higher gain Line 6 or the Vox ADT series of hybrid amps to get some really heavy tones.  There are some decent metal tones to download on the FUSE, but the real strength of this amp is Vintage tones.Let me make it clear!  I played my son's Squier Mini guitar through this amp and it sounds really amazing.  I have a Fender Strat, Squier Tele and a Les Paul and they all sound amazing in this amp.This is the first piece of guitar equipment that has given me absolutely NO buyers remorse.  Unbeatable value.  A great toy.  A perfect practice tool.  You can't beat it.