I only just received these, but thought I'd give my first impression. I purchased headphones because I figured it was a more pleasant way to listen to music at work than in-ear type. I chose this model because they were on sale, seemed to be a diamond in the rough, and reviews indicated it would be good for large heads(I wear an XL hat size).The build is average. They don't feel flimsy in my hands, but you can see the plastic parts are nothing special, strength-wise. The padding for the headband is a little uneven on the seam, as you open up the headband to put the unit on your head, it sort of looks warped. The 3 meter cable is attached to the base of the left headphone. The headphones can both swivel 90 degrees forward, maybe 35 degrees back, and 90 degrees downward. The swivel joint above the ear pieces allow them to fold upward into the headband.I listened to about 45 minutes of music straight to start, and was pretty pleased. I'm not especially particular, but do like good sound. There's some good bass, classical music was clear. The headphones did make me realize I had low quality recordings for a few of my songs that I tried out(listening to the HD equivalent on YouTube cleared up problems I heard). I wasn't totally blown away, either. I do hear a little noise when they're plugged into my computer and nothing is playing, though not so for my iPod(so I'm not sure if this can be blamed on the headphones).They are comfortable, but not as comfortable as I'd like. I do feel some pushing against my ears, the round ear pads aren't big enough to fit my whole ear. They do get warmer than I'd like. I definitely feel relieved to have them off. I think they are noticeably uncomfortable after about an hour. I was a little hesitant to get over-ear headphones in fear of this, and unfortunately it did turn out to be a problem.Who knows, maybe they'll wear in and improve. I'll update this review if I have more to report. For now, I'd say they're worth the cost, even if they aren't a shining diamond in the rough. If I could give about 3.5 stars I would; but for now, I'll give 3. They are accurately priced, and overall a typical quality product. Some exceptional pros are balanced by some cons.Update 7/19:I've been stretching out the headphones on a box for a couple days, it's helped a bit. What's funny is that the adjustable portion can get huge! It's comfortable on my head at about the 3rd of the 10 size notches...but the pushing against your head is the tight part. If you adjust them larger, they just fall below your ears, rather than loosen up.Also, I compared them to the Sennheiser HD201. The TASCAMs have better sound, but the Sennheiser is more comfortable(they're lighter and the ear cups are oval shaped and fit better).Update 7/23:I think the box stretching has been helping, I'm able to wear them for about 2 hours now before I notice them getting uncomfortable. Still a relatively short amount of time.Update 8/9/2013:The headphones have been living on a box just wider than my head anytime they aren't in use. The comfort is marginally improving, I'm guessing due to the stretching out, my head/ears getting used to the pressure, and me learning ways to sort of adjust them periodically to shift the pressure. However, I think my rating will remain at 3 stars. The sound is good enough to give it a couple stars, and the price low enough for one more. However, a month should be long enough for the phones to break-in to a standard usable degree, and that hasn't happened to my satisfaction.CONCLUSION: I would suggest you find a different pair if you have an exceptionally big head(mine is about 24"/61cm circumference, or US hat size 7 and 5/8). The clamping definitely leads to discomfort, the round ear pads don't quite do the trick, and it makes your head pretty warm. It's not unbearable, but if you can find an alternative it's probably best. That being said, note that I have only reduced stars for the fit!! I can't speak for someone with a bit smaller of a head(and ears?)...if these fit comfortably, which I imagine they would for many people, they are a 5 star product! Great sounding, sturdy enough build, etc.Update 11/14/13:A friend of mine picked up a pair of Audio-Technica M50s around the same time I bought this pair, and I was able to try them out and compare for a good half hour today. I'm not very experienced with sound quality, but I felt that the M50s were definitely the winner. The most obvious difference was the added volume, but generally the sound was more pleasing to my ears. The bass seemed more supported, higher notes felt smoother and less static-like, etc. Besides the volume, these differences weren't huge. I had to compare somewhat carefully to notice them. The point of this update is just to say that you aren't getting $150 headphones for $30 with the TASCAMs. You are getting very good headphones, the sound of which should more than satisfy most people. I think you're pursuing diminishing returns in sound quality alone to pay much more than this for headphones(in this case, you'd pay 5X more for the M50s...but I don't think you're getting 5X the sound quality). The M50s are significantly more comfortable(though they do make your ears warmer), and the build feels better(stronger, smoother adjustments, prettier, etc.). All these things combined, and you may start to consider the price difference reasonable.