I bought the smaller Behringer 302usb mixer for a small home recording setup with a budget target of &#60;$125, but had to move up to this model for and additional cost of about $12 due to the fact that the 302usb doesn't provide adequate phantom power for a Condenser Microphone (not properly disclosed by the company). The simple setup I have also includes the Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Hosa XLR cable.I was looking to improve the quality of voice recordings for podcasts, interviews, etc., over a simple USB headset, without &#34;breaking the bank&#34;. In addition to the positive reviews on Amazon about most of the Behringer equipment, my son, who has some experience with sound equipment said that Behringer makes solid items, but that I shouldn't expect much in the way of customer service. He's helped me work on tweaking my setup and he finds the items I bought to be quality as expected.I'm glad that I moved up to this board, even though it has a lot of features that I won't personally use. I'm glad that this has two microphone inputs, if I do decided to conduct in person interviews using the board. Besides the extra mic input, my son will likely put some of the additional features to use recording some music with his electric guitar and making some mixes using the features in GarageBand.I have found that my son's warning is somewhat correct, at least in regards to information provided for the customer by the company both in the paperwork included in the package and on the website. Since this is essentially entry level equipment, people like myself, who have little / no direct experience with sound equipment could use a little more guidance in using these projects, particularly in hooking things up to a computer, which is obviously an increasing application.I couldn't find any information on the Behringer website or in the paperwork which provided guidance for a Mac user, for instance. In addition, it would be nice if the manufacturer would give some basic information on such items as use of headphones for monitoring, etc. when using with a computer, but they don't. I've done a lot of experimentation in addition to Googling to figure out how to get things up and run.So far, I'm getting quality recording results from this board. I am currently using it with an RCA type cable with the input to my iMac's line-in. I might ultimately try another adapter for a USB connection or Firewire, but I haven't had the opportunity to research what is possible or which of the three options provide better sound. Whether I not I investigate will depend upon my needs in the future.I believe I got excellent value in the equipment quality. I would give 5 stars, but the manufacturer should provide more information.