I don't have experience with toy instruments, but have lots of experience with better quality ones including professional and semi professional ones. I'm not a ukulele player, and this one is for my daughter, whose high school ukulele club features players with a variety of instruments for me to compare this one to.I found this one to be made well enough that it plays well. The frets are properly aligned, and the instrument stays in tune. Notes played on alternate frets are in tune as well as I would expect relative to each other. The tuning issues others have mentioned relative to break in periods are no different from what you would expect on violins or guitars, and are perfectly normal.Although this plays well, I was disappointed with the workmanship. Since I did not see similar comments from others, perhaps mine is not representative. But the workmanship is somewhere closer to the level of lower quality instruments I've seen of other types.The finishing quality is not out of line for the price range, but does not approach what other reviewers have led me to believe. The wood is not properly finished where the neck meets the body, and there are clear sanding marks in the wrong direction. It looks as if it had been finished in a hurry by somebody who had no intention of doing a quality job.A less important issue has to do with the grain. Normally, instrument makers will try to line up the grain with the direction of the body. On mine, the grain is at a slant, giving the impression that the neck is slightly bent. It's an optical illusion, but not a sign of higher quality instrument making.The workmanship issues are cosmetic, and I'm still quite satisfied with the way the instrument plays. The finishing issues will not be visible when being played, and the tonal quality is about what I'd expect from an instrument with such a small resonating chamber. Perhaps there are better sounding soprano models out there, but at this price point it's what I expect. If you are disappointed and want something better, expect to pay at least double.