The VT999 Vintage Tube Monster has quite quickly become my go-to overdrive pedal, surpassing other OD pedals I've used, including the Digitech Bad Monkey, the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer, the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive, and remarkably, the Fulltone Fulldrive 2 MOSFET.The VT999 has several things going for it --- Tweakable EQ (High/Mid/Low) which allows you to run a full spectrum, from muddy, dirty low OD sounds, even from a single coil, to bright, screaming lead tones with high mids or highs.- Noise gate which can not only eliminate single coil hum but can also be used to "squeeze" the tone for some interesting effects- Wide range gain that gets dirty around 9 o'clock and full-on distortion when crankedNow, for full disclosure sake, I did change out the tube to a JJ Tesla 12AX7, but most people who know tubes will tell you that really, tubes are often hit-or-miss, simply on account of them being analog, heater-based elements. That's part of the fun of tube-based OD. I have played a VT999 that had a great sounding overdrive, but mine didn't have that sound until I put in a new tube. Try it out with the stock tube, and go to a different tube if you don't like it. At least try a new tube before giving up.There are two things that I don't like about the VT999, and I can tell you -- both gripes have nothing to do with sound or tone. This pedal got it 100% right with tone after a tube switch. The 2 issues are:- The housing is huge, and if you look inside, it seems like a waste of space. There's a lot of open space with nothing there, and while I can concede that tubes heat up and need space to dissipate heat, it's a bit overboard.- Compared to the Fulldrive, the lack of a boost switch is really a miss. Especially given the large enclosure, it would make perfect sense to move the 5 knobs to the top half of the pedal and put a boost switch on the right hand side. That'd take little effort, and given the independent power of this pedal, would be a piece of cake to achieve. Heck, I could probably do it myself, but I don't want to ruin the good sound this produces.Bottom line, I understand that on a pedalboard, real estate is everything. This takes up at least the space of 2 pedals. Is it worth it? To me, it is. I run 2 OD pedals on my 2-row board, and I can honestly say, in the last 10 gigs, I have never gone to the other OD. It's been the Vintage Tube Monster every time.