I am,  primarily, an acoustic guitar player who acquired my first electric just about a year ago, a Gibson Les Paul. What I am finding is that the situation with electric guitar strings is very similar to that with acoustic guitars. Most name-brand strings are just fine, but some are markedly different than others. A few are actually a notch-above the others. These NYXLs from D'Addario are definitely in that 'notch above' category.I find them easier to play, better sounding and more reliable in holding their tuning than the six or seven others I have tried. I plan to stick with them.  A few comments about each area:Playability:These NYXLs bend easier and take less of a toll on the tips of my fretting (left) hand than do most of the others. Of course I have callouses that have been developed over the years and feel permanent - but heavy playing can still make my fingertips sore. These strings seem less 'cutting', even after a couple of hours of constant playing. THey also 'squeak' less when I slide up and down the neck.Sound:The sound is crisp and rich at the same time. Most electric guitarists who I know tend to prefer one of these qualities over the other and choose their strings accordingly. I prefer a blend of both - just as I do for my acoustic instruments.  These NYXLs provide the closest blend that I have been able to achieve of these two different but complimentary characteristics, andTuning:Tuning and re-tuning can drive a guitar player to distraction.  Even some really good sounding strings don't hold the tuning very well and even after only one brief riff, need to be adjusted by at least a quarter tone. These NYXLs are holding the tuning FAR better than the others I have used. Less time tuning = more good time playing!All-in-all, I found no flaw in these strings. There is always something new coming along and D'Addario's formulation that uses high carbon steel alloy in the manufacture of these strings seems to make a considerable and positive difference.  UNtil someone comes up with something better, I expect to stick with them!