This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. And it is NOT a toy. Don't be misled by the price--this is a real amp based on stompbox electronics, and while it may not be a Marshall stack, it is more than adequate as a highly portable practice amp as well as a performance amp for small spaces. It is certainly loud hough to evoke complaints from my neighbors in adjoining apartments.I bought this amp for use durng harmonica practice. To this end, I use the belt clip to mount it on my hip. Then I just patch in my mike, twiddle the controls, and go to town. The tone has been fairly pure although, with a mike at least, I can also get some pops, crackles, and squeals. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. In general, this amp is pretty forgiving of the input. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). It handles these without noticeable signal loss.What is this amp exactly? My guess is that Danelectric took the circuitry for its overdrive stompbox, added a 1-watt amplifier circuit, and put the whole shebang into a retro case. The result is quite appealing. And the overall look and feel is one of quality. The case is solid albeit plastic. The three controls (volume, tone, and overdrive), while not detented, have the smooth control that you tend to get on better components. The input 1/4-inch jack and the mini jack headphone output are all solid. Someone in Danelectric had a sense of humor in touting the unit's "leather" strap, though. It is more decorative than useful.If you can operate an overdrive stompbox, then you know how to work this amp. The volume control is obvious. The tone control alters the bass/treble mix (but not very significantly, in my opinion). The overdrive control adds fuzz and distortion (again, not to a great degree). The instructions describe 16 "sounds," but someone in Danelectric has a sense of humor. Otherwise, why label one setting "Send the cats under the bed." Ignore the instructions and set the controls to whatever sounds good to you.As I said, this is small but really not a toy. I've personally found it very useful in practicing blues harp because it's so easy to set up and so ridiculously portable. And when I decide that I'm good enough to panhandle in Penn Station, this baby is going with me.