As a musician for over four decades I've owned a number of tuners as the technology progressed.  My primary instrument is electric bass.  This is the finest piece of equipment I've ever purchased and used, and it has helped me solve a 'mysterious' tuning phenomenon all players apparently face without knowing it.  I'll explain.  But first, some details about the tuner....:  it's construction is extremely solid, and it's heft gives it stability.  When you place it on a surface (top of your amp, floor, your knee.... it stays there!).  Secondly, the large backlit display is very easy to read in all lighting conditions,...no guessing.  And thirdly, it is extremely sensitive and accurate, which brings me to my explanation of the 'mysterious tuning phenomenon.  At issue is the inability of inexpensive tuners to properly identify frequencies/tones when setting string intonation at the octave fret.  I've been using $25 to $40 tuners (Boss, Korg, etc) over the past few years that would indicate a string is in tune, both for open string and octave.  But, when simultaneously plucking an 'F' note on the 'A' string, and an 'F' note high up on the 'G' string my ear would percieve that they just weren't in tune....the cycles weren't matching.  So, that meant my inexpensive tuner wasn't nearly discriminating enough.  Once I began using this strobe tuner, it clearly showed me (with proper accuracy) graphically what my ear was trying to tell me.  After setting intonation according to the strobe tuner my bass now 'performs' as it should through the range of notes/frets over the length of the neck.  I guess another way of explaining it would be to say that it's like having a GPS that is accurate enough to get you to the right neighborhood, versus one that can get you to the right house.  For the money, I feel I've done myself a good turn by purchasing this strobe tuner.  I'm satisfied.  I still keep one of my inexpensive tuners in my guitar case as it has a built in microphone and can be used by an accoustic guitar player if I'm jamming with somebody.  This strobe tuner is 'cable input' only....no mic, runs on a 9v battery with connectors for a power supply (sold separately).  My only 'complaint' with this device is the battery connector.  It's the typical type that 'plugs' in to the top of your 9v battery with two wires leading to the internals.  I hate them as a rule.  I would prefer solid contact points and a compartment where you would simply insert the battery, just like inserting any other battery type (AA, AAA, C, etc).