For those unfamiliar with Vox's amPlug products, these things are amazing.  I'm just old enough to remember some of the portable options of the 1990's, and they were mostly terrible.  What Vox has done with these tiny headphone amplifiers (which weigh virtually nothing, run for 10-15 hours on 2 AAA batteries, and plug directly into the guitar) is nothing short of amazing.  They have incredible amp-like tone and get as loud as you can possibly want.  Even through a pair of $20 Sony headphones, they sound amazing.  The star of the collection, in my opinion, is the Vox AC30 amPlug, which does a great vintage tube amp ranging from sparkling cleans to Top Boost overdrive.  If you haven't played an amPlug before, the AC30 one is $39.99 of the best money you'll ever spend.Now, getting to this specific Joe Satriani amPlug, it's impossible to talk about the tone without talking about the guitarist himself.  Fans of Joe Satriani (even casual ones) will recognize elements of this sound right away.  Satriani has a very distinctive sound, which he crafted over the years using a modified Boss DS-1 Distortion and (more recently) his Vox "Satchurator" Distortion Box.  It's a thick lead tone with a nice sustain, and colored with a delay effect.  Both of those elements are present on this signature amPlug.  You have a level control, a gain control, and a tone control.  There's also three switch positions: Off, On, and Fx.  The "Fx" position engages the delay effect, but the tone is otherwise the same.PROS:First, the price retails at $49.99, whereas most of the other models are $39.99.  (I believe the Lead amPlug is also $49.99 and also has a delay feature).  I think that the added delay feature and unique tone are worth the extra money, but this is admittedly a sort of "niche" product.  Overall, however, you have several amPlugs to choose from, and if you choose this one, $49.99 is still an incredible value for the ability to play your guitar virtually anywhere and enjoy quality tone.  The tone has a real sweet spot between "3" and "5" that really makes it enjoyable to play lead notes.  While it isn't necessarily and "ideal" rhythm guitar distortion, you can hit rich chords with nice sustain.  I prefer the tone on the higher gain levels, and you can really crank it up if you want to, but it sounds great at lower volumes too.  The delay is also surprisingly good - it's probably set to around the 400 milisecond gap, which is pretty standard.  Adds a cool echo "fullness" to your solo progressions, much like a classic Satriani solo.  Again, the overall tone is fantastic.  With the amount of gain provided, you can play most types of rock and dabble into metal guitar a bit (though I've always thought of Satch of more a technical, melodic guitarist than a "metal" guitarist).CONS:There are a few things to know about the Satriani signature model, but I don't think any of them should discourage you from checking it out.  While the delay is surprisingly good, you can't customize it.  You can't make the repeats shorter or longer, and you can't adjust the timing of the repeats.  Keep in mind that this is mostly a "practice" device for your personal use, however, and I still enjoy using the delay.  As for the tone, which I mostly discussed as a "pro" in the paragraph above, you should be aware that this is not meant to be a "clean" signal.  It is possible to get a somewhat clean tone by rolling back on the gain or lowering the volume of your guitar, but it's mostly distortion or bust.  The durability of all of the amPlugs has also been questioned by some.  The device is VERY lightweight and all plastic, except for the metal plug portion.  I don't doubt that you could bang it on something and break it quite easily.  The switches and dials may also fail over time.  But frankly, at $40 or $50, it's probably a better value than making it out of heavy duty metal and charging $100 for it, which would lock more people out of the market.  I would certainly buy another one (or several) if any of mine broke.  Finally, there as an audible "hiss" noise through your headphones anytime the device is on.  Slightly annoying when you're not playing, but I don't notice it at all once I start playing notes.THE VERDICT:One other "dirty little secret" to point out about these things: in addition to the Aux jack, which allows you to plug in an MP3 player and jam along, it is possible to use a 1/8" to 1/4" adapter and audio cable to plug this thing directly into an amp, PA, or anything with speakers.  You might be surprised how good it sounds.As an after-note, I wrote most of this review playing on my Jackson DR6, which has two Seymour Duncan Humbuckers, and it sounded great.  I later tried it on a Gibson Les Paul (which is usually my primary guitar), and despite the fact it also has two humbuckers, it did not sound as good.  The distortion was much more "fizzy".  Haven't tried it with single coil pickups, but I think that it would likely work well with a Strat-type guitar due to the overall "roundness" of the tone.The amPlug is a great invention that allows so many players to log endless hours practicing, irrespective of their budget or living situation.  The Satriani model brings its own special character to the series, and if you like the tone as much as I do, might become an instant favorite.