Until today.  I do not own the Fulltone pedal that this product was designed to replicate, but you can search YouTube and see several comparisons and there is no audible difference.  Aside from that, this pedal is quite awesome on its own merit.  It's not a "metal" type distortion, but it nicely covers everything else.  I play an Ibanez Artcore through a Vox AC15 in a Christian band and set with just a small amount of drive, at about the 9:00 position, this pedal does not add color to your signal and the sound of your amp shines through nicely.  That's the whole point - the reason we choose a certain amp is because we like the way it sounds, so when we push it with an overdrive pedal we don't want it to change the sound of the amp, we simply want to kick it in the rump a little.  Or a lot.  And the Ultimate Drive does it nicely.  The drive could best be described as somewhat gritty and smooth at the same time, like sand in a smoothie.  Driven hard it gives plenty of nice harmonic overtones.  But I think it sounds best with just a small amount of kick, right into a tube amp.  I'm not exactly bringing home tons of money, so it's nice to see that there are pedals designed to give great tone to even tightwads like myself.  The only thing that I could consider to be a downside is the stupid graphic of Satan, Darth Maul, Gene Simmons, or whatever that thing is that's painted on the metal case.  Other than that, if you're in the market for a "boutique-style" overdrive at about 1/3 the cost, you've found it. ONE FINAL NOTE: One unexpected benefit of this pedal is that the overdrive does wonders with a single-coil strat.  Really.  It gives it a nice fat crunch while somehow retaining the strat tone.  I can't think of any other pedals I've owned that could do this.  SECOND FINAL NOTE:  I'm almost embarrassed to admit this, but I also played it through a cheap solid state Fender Frontman 25R and it sounded great even through that piece of rubbish.  As a Christian musician, I can say that this may not exactly qualify as a miracle, but it's pretty close.