BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The Behringer VT999 Vintage Tube Monster is indeed a monster of a pedal. Those seeking a hot rodded sound to your amp would be wise to check this product out, as the level of boost and gain derived from the stock 12AX7 is enough to push any tube amp's clean channel into saturated overdrive.Featuring 3-band EQ that ranges from barely noticeable to perhaps &#34;too much&#34;, I was surprised that I actually found myself backing off some of the knobs because I expected this to be a cheap pedal that needed it's EQ to be pushed to max in order to get any playable tone out of it. I was wrong. The Master and Gain knobs work exactly like a tube amp channel. The Noise Suppressor is a nifty feature that drastically reduces white noise.Roughly taking up the space of 3 standard pedals on your pedalboard, many probably wonder if it's even worth the real estate compared to other overdrives. However, when it comes to tube-based pedals, big is par for the course.The stock tube is decent to the point where you can get some musical tones out of the pedal. I personally don't plan on changing the stock tube any time soon because I want to test its limits, but the gain range is effectively Boss OD-1 to DS-1, so YES - it is possible to get some metal tones out of this pedal, especially those late 80s/early 90s Marshall-driven metal tones.I honestly can't say anything overtly bad or wrong with this pedal. I judge gear with my EARS and by its VALUE, not by PRICE, but honestly... for $50, you literally can't go wrong. There are worse pedals you could buy for more money quite honestly. Even with a $10-$15 mod to change the tube to something more your preference, you're still looking at a relatively inexpensive pedal with an amazing value. But if you're looking for other tube overdrives, check these out: Effectrode Tube Drive ($350), Maxon TBO-9 True Tube Boost/Overdrive ($263), and the Ibanez Tube King ($170).If you're on the fence with this thing, go ahead and jump over and get one.