Edit: I've had to downgrade my star rating a bit, so I've revised my review- full explanation below, but in short, this just doesn't work as well for me as the SN-1.Background- I have the original SN-1 as well, and have had it for a couple years. The ball socket on the back of the tuning head broke fairly quickly when I forgot to remove it from the headstock before putting it in the gig bag (Protec Contego semi-rigid hybrid case with a little more room around the headstock than your average padded bag). I rigged a repair that has worked OK, but figured a replacement was in order. However other than the broken socket, this has been one of the best tuners I've ever used. Very quick and intuitive. Bright and easy to read in all lighting conditions. Fast response on all strings, including the low B on several five string basses. Despite what I feel is a weakness in the design (the fragile socket), I still felt so good about the functionality of the product that I ordered another, this time the SN-8(B) "Super Tight" tuner. I decided to go with another model in the hopes that a newer model might be a little better reinforced at the ball sockets (hence the "super tight", perhaps?).Out of the box, the SN-8 is almost identical to the original, save for the obvious color differences. Then clamp appears the same and doesn't seem to have any greater clamping force that I could detect. Turning it on though, the display is quite different. Basically, it is much more "to the point". The indicator bars either side of the center pitch ("in-tune", dead center) are much wider and fewer, meaning a less granular and less precise display, but one that is very easy to read at a glance in any light. This could be a mixed blessing, but the up side is it is brighter, simpler, and potentially quicker for on the fly tuning. The downside is it is not granular enough to say, intonate an instrument's bridge. It also seems to respond much quicker, which I am realizing is also mixed blessing, and here we have the missing star. The speed also means it responds really quickly to all input, meaning it seems to want to constantly change the note it is sensing. It seems much more twitchy than the sn-1. Unless you are able to mute every other string fully, it will jump between notes frequently. This is also one of my (many) complaints about the Planet Waves Mini-Headstock Tuner too.  I've found that attempting to tune with loud background music or other instruments blasting through a PA will cause my instrument to vibrate at other frequencies - even if I successfully mute all other strings, making tuning with the SN-8 that much more difficult. The differences here between the SN-8 and SN-1 are quite noticeable. For that reason, I just ordered another SN-1.I can't say how this tuner would work for other instruments, as I am a bass player. I'm not sure there is or isn't a defect or flaw here, perhaps it just didn't live up to my expectations (set high by my awesome experience with the original). Simply put, my sampling size is too small to say for sure or proclaim this a bad product.  All I know is that it just isn't working very well for me. If I saved the packaging for this one, I may consider sending it back in exchange for a second SN-1 or perhaps another model. If not, it'll probably be the one I hand others when they want to borrow my tuner ;)