This is an intriguing idea for a microphone: a nice condenser with built-in monitoring.  A possible simple solution for the musician who really wants to keep a rig minimal.  It seemed to me that I should test it both as a microphone and as a USB IO device.  The very first appearance is impressive.  There's a nicely-compartmentalized carrying case.  Inside, there's a milled aluminum desk stand, a cable, a short manual and the microphone.  No shock mount. The mic looks good, but has almost no mass.  While this may not mean much, I own and have used lots of mics--none of them this lacking in heft.I set up a shootout in my studio. I have an acoustically-treated room with calibrated studio monitors, so I think I can do a fair test.  I kept it simple, using a steel string guitar played in several styles.  For a comparison mic, I used an AKG Perception 420.  This is a multipattern mic that's only a little more expensive; a cardiod-only version is exactly the same price as this MXL.  I used only the cardiod pattern, so I think it's a fair comparison on the basis of price.  To get to the point, the AKG beat the MXL in every way.  It was quieter, with a much better midrange.  A glance at the specs (online at MXL) shows a significant boost in higher frequencies, leading to about a 3dB rise at 8K or so.  The polar pattern is shown only in broadband (not at multiple frequencies) and it shows a dip at the 45-degree position.  These were things I could easily hear.So purely as a microphone, the MXL doesn't match up to other mics in its price range.  But that's not a complete comparison.  The MXL has a little headphone jack on the side so that the performer can listen with zero latency.  That's a plus that comes with a couple of big minuses.  The mic is vulnerable to cable scrapes and vibrations coming down the headphone cable--better make sure you hold still when you use it.  There's also a volume knob that appears to affect both listening and recording level.  This means that it's easy to inadvertently skew recording levels when you're mounting the mic or tweaking your listening level.There's also an optional software control panel (Mac and Windows) that goes with the mic.  It provides a noise gate and compressor as long as some basic controls for recording and monitoring.  I'm unlikely ever to use this dynamics processing; once done, it can't be undone.  I'd apply those after the fact when I've got plenty of time to dial them in.  This leaves the level controls--a place where MXL could have been more careful.  There's a microphone gain which works in conjunction with the thumbwheel on the mic itself.  It takes some doing to figure out which does what.  There's a highpass filter--tremendously useful when rumble is a problem.  But we don't know if this filter is in the analog or digital domain.  I hope it's analog, but there's nothing about it in the documentation.  Then there's the biggest problem.  There's a playback level control which allows your mix to play back through the mic's headphone jack.  But this also means that--depending on your DAW--it's easy to set up a feedback path.  You won't like that.The biggest question in my mind is "just who is this microphone for"?  A traditional mic can be connected to any preamp and used at any sample rate.  I have mics (both expensive and inexpensive) that I've had for years and years.  Only the preamp/interface changes.  This MXL is USB-only, 44/48 only.  You can't easily set up multiples of USB mics without clocking issues.  Most USB/FIrewire mic preamps have a zero-latency monitoring mode, so the mic doesn't really offer anything you can't get elsewhere.  In the end, I don't really think this is a good choice for any but the most casual of musicians.  To me, that milled aluminum desk mount holds the answer.  If you're a podcaster or a serious Skyper, then this mic deserves consideration.  It's a decent mic for spoken voice--the HF boost is helpful in bringing out articulation--and the single USB connection keeps your desk uncluttered.  Of course, there are plenty of other choices for that application.  But I think that's the best light to shine on this one.