I have owned many solid state and modeling amplifiers, including a few of the Vox Valvetronix series.  However, this is both my first Fender amp, as well as my first true &#34;tube&#34; amp.  First, some clarification is needed on &#34;tube&#34; vs. &#34;modeling&#34; amp.  The Fender Super Champ X2 is absolutely a tube amp - it has one 12AX7 and two 6V6's, and they are involved in both the preamp and power amp stages.  However, the amplifier has a modeling component on top of that true tube tone, which is what allows it to project different &#34;voices&#34;.  Contrary to what some posters have written, Channel 1 does also have some front-end modeling, except that the the model is fixed for &#34;Blackface&#34; tone and controlled by a separate volume know (no gain control).  Channel 2 offers 16 different &#34;Voice&#34; presets and 10 of these model a variety of vintage Fender amplifiers, including the Tweed Deluxe, Bassman, Deluxe, Princeton, and Twin.  Settings 9-15 model a variety of other popular amps, including the Vox AC30 and Marshall.Overall, I found the available tones to be excellent.  Unlike my Valvetronix, where I more or less settled on a particular setting and used it at all times, I could really see myself flipping between the different models and seeing how they respond to different guitars.  One thing that should be noted if you plan on changing models frequently - you may have to adjust volume, gain, bass, and treble to dial in the same amount of volume as you move from amp to amp.  However, I found the levels to be much more uniform in output than in other amps with a modeling component.  Also, the X2 does not suffer from a lot of the excess noise or &#34;hissing&#34; you hear with digital modeling amps.The tones that come out of the 10&#34; speaker of the Super Champ X2 are very rich and touch-responsive, as you'd expect from a tube amp.  The amp has TONS of high-end sparkle, but some of the settings only start to open up if you increase the volume (true of many amps).  The stock speaker, which is Fender's own design (and has a ceramic magnet, I believe), is frequently criticized as a weak point.  However, it is certainly passable and if you are new to tube amps (or only intend on playing at bedroom levels), you're unlikely to take issue with it.  The Eminence Ragin' Cajun is a commonly suggested replacement that apparently adds significant amounts of output and low end.  But, again, the amp is plenty loud and full-sounding for its size.  Better intended for home/studio use than most gigs, but it excels at what it does.That brings us to the effects section and the Fender FUSE software that works with the amp via USB cable.  Frankly, I'm not a fan of most on-board effects with combo amplifiers.  I prefer to use pedals for modulation, delay, and some overdrive/distortion.  The good new is that the on-board reverbs (which include spring, room, hall, and a few others if you install them from the software) are quite good.  You can also reassign the presets to different effects.  So, if you want a flanger with a reverb, you can have a setting for that.  If you want a different type of delay mixed with a particular reverb, you can do that too.  The Tap Tempo button is a great modern convenience to go with those effects.  But, as I said, while they represent a good value for players that don't want to invest in pedals, I'm more likely to use my Boss DD-3 than the on-board delay, and so on.The build quality of the Super Champ X2 is largely excellent.  The grill is wound tightly and with the same convincing shimmer of some of Fender's more expensive amps.  The amp weighs in at 24 pounds and is extremely portable with the handle on top.  One thing I did note, however, is that the knobs protrude and seem like they would be very easy to damage while transporting, so I will have to be careful about that.  Also, there are a couple of seams for the tolex material on top of the amp that look like they could have been hidden better.  But overall, the amp looks very well constructed.  I was initially concerned about the digital aspects taking away from the tube amp aesthetic, but everything is mapped to vintage-looking knobs, and from a few feet back, the amp looks just as much at home in the 60's as it does post-2000.Overall, I think this is an excellent value and a quality amp that I hope to enjoy for years to come.  I'm only really scratching the surface of its potential, but it makes great Fender tone sound easy.  The Fender FUSE software could be a little more intuitive to work with, and I wish there were a better way to know what each of the Voice and F/X settings correspond to without consulting a chart.  But it's a great little amplifier that's all the power you'd need for hobbyists and studio recording, and it could probably handle some smaller gigs as well.