This was bought based on the advice of others. I had a cable with the standard Neutrik/Switchcraft-type ends fail on me, and this cable was supposed to be either strain free or simply designed for long life because of the strain of usage.It worked great for about 4-6 months, and then broke. It happened so quickly (the trad types seem to take longer) that I swore it must have been the output jack on my guitar. After confirming the guitar was okay, I tried a shorter cable, which worked fine.D'Addario does offer lifetime replacement, but it puts you in a bit of a bind - you need a backup cable while you are waiting for a replacement, and you have to pay return shipping of the defective cable out-of-pocket. You also have to get R.A. Taken altogether, this makes it a deal breaker. The extra costs essentially make this cable as expensive as something that has a track record of lasting for years. In my case, I bit the bullet and did what I should have done the first go-round and got a really nice DiMarzio cable.Again, this cable SOUNDS good while it works - capacitance with the longer cables can be an issue. The good news is that IMO high price is not a guarantee of ANY cable sounding good. The replacement DiMarzio is another example of one that was at the top of the list with cable comparisons. I don't get into the mojo or intangible aspects that will typically find someone paying much more for a cable, but I want durability and published capacitance that is within a certain range. This one meets half of those criteria, but it gets expensive because of the potential to fail sooner rather than later. Well, expensive relative to a cable with an initially higher price but longer lifespan.So the replacement that Planet Waves sent me is now the backup, and is still in the original packaging. I figure I'll use it only for short periods while replacing my main cable, so it should last a long time in that situation. If I have a few $ for the shipping and D'Addario is still honoring the lifetime warranty if/when the 2nd one breaks, I may get it replaced. More likely I will just chalk it up to a learning lesson and toss it. Even $4 shipping is a decent percentage of the cost of a more durable cable - IMO it should be set aside to fund its eventual replacement.If this cable would have last 1.5 to 2 years, I'd probably give it 5 stars given the price. And if D'Addario took away the warranty thing, it would probably re-shape the customer's perception on what something at this price should cost, because it's a wear item, plain and simple. IDK how much R&D; it's worth their trouble to put in something at this price point, but that's is what I would shoot for - a realistically acceptable period of trouble-free use w/no warranty as the trade-off. That would NOT make it a deal breaker.