.I'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. I found one of these used for half the retail price. It had no microphone but I already have mics and I don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.Well, it was great. I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. BIG surprise; my Martin GPA sounded great through the PWMA-230 and so did my vocals. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. It's light as a feather (I have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. This is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. With my ZT Club amp for my Telecaster for band gigs and the PWMA-230 for acoustic gigs I have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.Update Oct. 25th:I think others have mentioned problems with Pyle-Pro Audio's customer service. I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. I wrote a least three times and got no response so far. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. I still love the PWMA230 but I am no fan of its manufacturer.Update Oct. 28To be fair, someone did finally contact me today. My questions were unanswered and I don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. I'll update as to the answers and information provided.