***Update*** After heavy play for 6 months, this is my favorite amp by a mile. I also have a ZT Lunchbox that I use for church work (miles of clean headroom and designed specifically for pedals). The Mustang III would work just fine, but I can throw the ZT in a backpack with my pedals (I only use an OD, chorus and reverb for church) and it has a lot more volume of I do youth group stuff outside and can't mic up.I have several friends that play music as a primary source of income and 3 of them purchased the Mustang for it's overall lightweight, terrific sound and low price. Played on the clean channels (settings 88-99) with pedals will give you an amazing tone that lets you forget it's not a tube amp - and for the most part, the crowd is clueless to begin with. I did purchase the VOX AC4 and it was so one dimensional and limited it went right back. Terrific for gigs or practice, a back up or just beginning guitar.So this is the 3rd amp I've purchased in a very short amount of time. I traded in my Line 6 and also purchased a Roland Micro Cube. Chalk it up to a new guitar player and a whole world of amplifiers from every price range and style. I bought the Line 6 becuase it had a lot of features and presets that I thought would be really fun. They are, but Line 6 is for metal, despite "You can play anything on it" marketing. Turns out I really enjoy playing country and blues (although I listen to punk, classic rock and metal (pre-1995).Enter the Mustang III. It also is feature loaded, but with one kicker. The models of the vintage Fender amps. I have a very close friend that plays a 65' Twin Reverb - he was shocked at the modeling. The Bassman is another that is just off the charts good. The LCD screen is bigger and overall very simple to use. The Vox model is also really jangly sounding - like it's supposed to. I have to add that with Vox in particular, you can get the crunch without having to use massive volume. This is true of modeling amps across the board and a huge advantage over tubes in general. For $300 you can get a Vox w/ an overdrive, delay and reverb. And you can get the full effect with the volume dialed to 3, not 11. It doesn't sound exactly like a Vox - but I don't gig. I'm a basement rockstar - the Mustang gets it done without any problems.Adding virtual effect pedals and saving the settings are easy and intuitive. That's without the FUSE software. I'm not big into recording, so I'm content using it from the  LCD, but the Fuse software is slick. The virtual pedal board is probably my favorite part of the amp. The screen is easy to navigate and you can see exactly what effects you're using where they are set at.The only reason I've given it 4 stars is beacuse is lacks low end punch and more importantly doesn't quite have the warmth of a tube amp. To be clear - tube amps sound like tube amps. If you are a metal guy on a solid state budget, Line 6 is still the way to go. If you're more into the old school r'n'r sounds, take a look at the Mustang III. Excellent sounds and value.