I've had this pedal for over a year now and I've been getting more and more into tube amps and I've learned to appreciate how the intricacies of how all of this gear works together (amps, guitars and pedals).When I first reviewed this pedal, I had just gotten a new solid state amp and I was very let down. After I jumped to tube amps, I grew to appreciate it a little bit more, but I was using it wrong; I'd just match the output of my amp and goose the distortion level to use it as a 2nd channel/gain stage. I thought it lent a good distorted tone to my playing, but I dismissed it as just an "OK" box.Flash forward: This thing kills! It belongs in front of a tube amp; period. I've found, as all before me, that dirt boxes are virtually useless on solid state amps.The D III works very well as a clean boost: Max the volume, set tone to taste and the roll the distortion all the way back. This will blast your clean amp into overdrive, without much coloration on your tone. This is my preferred setting as I can use it to push my single channel tube amps into dirty territory like I would before, using it as a second channel, but with that natural tube sound. Any pedal that gives you some more "umph" without altering the original sound of your amp is a beautiful thing.Dial the output down some, and crank the volume on the amp a bit more, the distortion knob really adds some nice saturated gain that increases sustain and can creep up on getting a significantly dirtier tone. I found that this is reminiscent of a classic tube screamer; while not tonally identical, this can really help push a hotter amp into overdrive to get some heavy, heavy tones, while retaining the sound of the amp's natural distortion.In between, you can dial in some classic crunch tones suitable for rock and blues or just a smooth overdrive. After playing around with the knobs, I found that this is a very versatile and well voiced pedal. I actually prefer it to tube screamers and its clones as that's been done to death; the D III is conceptually the same, but it just sounds "different" that the TS and it doesn't let go of the low end.For the price, this is a fantastic buy. It delivers enough output to be used as a fantastic clean boost, and there's enough gain on tap to dial in just about any rock tone you'd want, save for modern high gain metal.