This Epiphone Hardshell case is a real bargain!  Well built and functional, just the perfect size for your Dot,  Casino, 335 , or in my case a Sheraton II.  Finished in faux leather, a nice scuff resistant vinyl of some sort, much like the old Fender Tolex.  NICE hardware on this case. All the latches are fitted well and are both good looking and rock solid. Hinges too.  The handle isn't going anywhere!  Inside you get a nice soft plush interior, the obligatory hinged compartment for strings and things, and a good solid rattle free fit for your guitar.Top all that off with 2 feet on the end for standing upright,  2 well placed feet on the side and 3 on the bottom. NO matter which way you place the case (other than upside down) both your guitar and case are protected.  You get a total of FIVE good quality latches (one of them locks, key included) and hinges at either end. As I said, the hardware on the case is really good.  For under one hundred dollars this case is an unbelievable bargain.I was immediately struck by how SOLID this case feels.  It is no lightweight either.  I feel totally secure keeping and transporting my Sheraton II in this case and unworried about it breaking apart or popping open, etc.  Mine came almost scuff free out of the box, but there were a few signs that it had been handled a bit before packing. Still, it looks super and the overall visual presentation far outstrips the price.If I could make just two criticisms, it would be that I notice the stitching appears to be single stitched, rather than double stitched. Also, the strip of fabric that holds the lid open seems overly thin and not well implemented. It is a smallish piece of colored vinyl attached to the lid and case body and it looks like this will be the first thing to wear out or even just up and break.  Also, when you close the case , instead of folding in on itself it tends to stick out the back of the case, necessitating you manually pulling it into the case before fully closing.  I would have much preferred a nice self folding piece covered with the same material that lines the case itself.  This is just a minor niggle and could easily be replaced by either yourself if you are handy, or most any music store with a halfway decent tech in the backroom.I have no reason to believe this case will fall apart anytime soon . Overall, I am extremely pleased with this case and my Sheraton II is happy to have found a long term home.  An excellent value, highly recommended!